Arbiter of Equity	W	cube	Creature — Angel 	8	W	WW	Flying
During your turn, your opponent can’t cast spells that target or activate abilities that target.	2/2		normal	ACE		REPLACEMECybres-Clan Arbiter	W	cube	Creature — Centaur Cleric 	19	W	1W	Vigilance
As Cybres-Clan Arbiter enters, look at an opponent’s hand, then choose a noncreature card name.
Spells with the chosen name cost 2 more to cast.	2/3		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEBetsy Mae Moss, Legionette	W	cube	Legendary Creature — Human Pirate 	14	W	1W	Agile
As long as Betsy Mae Moss entered or attacked this turn, your opponents can’t cast noncreature spells.	3/1		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEGao'Wu, Humble Sibyl	W	cube	Legendary Creature — Human Bard 	26	W	1W	First strike
Noncreature spells with mana value 3 or greater cost 1 more to cast.
Creatures with mana value 3 or greater enter tapped.	2/1		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEJorah's Adjudicator	W	cube	Creature — Angel Warrior 	32	W	1W	Flash
Flying
If a creature would enter under an opponent’s control and it wasn’t cast, instead exile that creature and that player creates a 1/1 white Cleric creature token.	2/1		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEQueen Saleh Amidi	W	cube	Legendary Creature — Human Noble 	43	W	1W	Lifelink
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may have each player draw a card.	2/3		adventure	ACE		Chasten	W	Sorcery — Tale 	W	W	Look at target opponent’s hand. You may exile a nonland card from it. For as long as that card remains exiled, its owner may cast it. It costs 2 more to cast this way.				!eggprintREPLACEMEAcolyte of Enlightenment	W	cube	Creature — Human Cleric 	3	W	WW	When Acolyte of Enlightenment enters, invoke Angel. (Begin or advance the Path of the Angel.)	2/2		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEGrievous Champion	W	cube	Creature — Human Knight 	29	W	1W	Vigilance
If an opponent would search their library, that player searches their graveyard instead.	2/3		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMERedtail Fencer	W	cube	Creature — Fox Soldier 	44	W	1W	First strike
Whenever an opponent casts a noncreature spell, you gain 2 life.	2/1		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEKiri, Corporeal Conduit	W	cube	Legendary Creature — Fox Spirit 	34	W	1W	Lifelink
Whenever one or more other creatures with power 2 or less enter under your control, you gain 1 life. If your life total is greater than your starting life total, draw a card instead. This ability triggers only once each turn.	1/4		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEDockside Sleuth	W	cube	Creature — Human Scout 	20	W	1W	When Dockside Sleuth enters, create a Clue token. (It’s an artifact with “2, Sacrifice this: Draw a card.”)	2/2		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEArmistice Enforcer	W	cube	Snow Creature — Fox Archer 	11	W	1W	First strike
Wanderlust — As long as you control four or more differently named lands, players can’t draw more than one card each turn, and players can’t cast more than one spell each turn.	2/1		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEQi Lai, the Dancing Blade	W	cube	Legendary Creature — Human Warrior 	42	W	2W	When Qi Lai enters, search your library for an Equipment card and reveal it. If it has mana value 2 or less, put it onto the battlefield. Otherwise, put it into your hand. Then shuffle.
1W: Attach an Equipment you control to target creature you control. Activate only as a sorcery.	2/2		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEMaritime Recruiter	W	cube	Creature — Human Bard 	38	W	2W	When Maritime Recruiter enters, search your library for a creature card with total power and toughness 4 or less, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.	1/1		normal	ACE		REPLACEMESpindleghast	W	cube	Creature — Spirit 	51	W	1WW	Lifelink
When Spindleghast enters, target nonland permanent an opponent controls becomes a colorless artifact with no abilities until Spindleghast leaves.	3/1		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMECai Lan, the Puppeteer	W	cube	Legendary Creature — Human Bard 	17	W	1WW	Vigilance
When Cai Lan enters, exile target nonland permanent an opponent controls with mana value 2 or less. Its controller creates an Idol token.	2/3		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEAlms Hall Enforcer	W	cube	Creature — Angel 	4	W	2W	Flying
Nonwhite spells cost 1 more to cast.	2/1		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEHerald of Dawn	W	cube	Creature — Angel 	31	W	2W	Flying
Whenever you gain life, put that many +1/+1 counters on target creature you control.
1W: Herald of Dawn gains lifelink until end of turn.	1/3		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEVicar of Elder Contract	W	cube	Creature — Human Cleric 	57	W	1WW	Lifelink
If one or more creature tokens would be created under your control, you may have that many token copies of Vicar of Elder Contract be created instead.
Tap ten untapped Clerics you control: You gain 100 life.	3/3		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEWayward Crew	W	cube	Creature — Human Pirate 	58	W	2W	Whenever one or more creatures with power 2 or less enter under your control, create a Clue token.
Whenever you sacrifice a Clue, put a +1/+1 counter on target permanent you control.	3/2		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEBishop of Sophic Salt	W	cube	Creature — Human Cleric 	16	W	2W	When Bishop of Sophic Salt enters, invoke Angel. (Begin or advance the Path of the Angel.)
Bishop of Sophic Salt gets +3/+3 and has flying and vigilance as long as your life total is greater than your starting life total.	1/1		normal	ACE		REPLACEMELijing, the Great Partisan	W	cube	Legendary Creature — Elder Fox Spirit 	35	W	2WW	Vigilance
Lijing has indestructible as long as a Fox entered under your control this turn.
Whenever an opponent draws a card, draw a card unless that player has you create a 2/1 red and white Fox creature token.	3/4		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEArchangel of Rekindling	W	cube	Creature — Angel 	10	W	2WW	Flash
Flying
When Archangel of Rekindling enters, exile up to one other target permanent. Return that card to the battlefield under its owner’s control at the beginning of their next upkeep.	3/3		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEAmbervale Sky Captain	W	cube	Creature — Human Knight 	5	W	2WW	Flying, vigilance
Whenever Ambervale Sky Captain attacks, create a 2/2 white Knight creature token with vigilance that’s attacking.
Other Knight creatures you control get +1/+1.	3/3		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEGadriel, Fateseeker	W	cube	Legendary Creature — Angel Warrior 	25	W	2WW	Fatefall (When this dies, you may activate one of its activated abilities without paying its cost.)
2W: Return target creature card with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield with a finality counter on it. It can’t block this turn.	3/4		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEGilded Vindicator	W	cube	Creature — Human Rebel 	28	W	3W	First strike
When Gilded Vindicator enters, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.
Concord — As long as there are four or more card types among permanents you control, creatures you control attacking cause abilities of that creature to trigger as though that creature entered.	3/1		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEAngel of Guiding Light	W	cube	Creature — Angel 	6	W	3WW	Flying
When Angel of Guiding Light enters, you gain 4 life.
Plainscycling 1 (1, Discard this card: Search your library for a Plains card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.)	4/4		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEMaven of Facades	W	cube	Creature — Mutant Warlock 	39	W	3WW	Vigilance
When Maven of Facades enters, create a white Enchantment token named Cover-Up with “When this enchantment enters, exile target creature an opponent controls until this enchantment leaves.”
Maven of Facades gets +1/+1 for each artifact and/or enchantment you control.	1/1		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEArchangel of Balance	W	cube	Creature — Angel Warrior 	9	W	3WW	Flying
When Archangel of Balance enters, each player chooses a number of cards in their hand equal to the fewest number of cards in any player’s hand, then discards the rest.	5/5		adventure	ACE		Divine Compromise	W	Instant — Adventure 	W	W	Exile target creature. Its controller draws a card. (Then exile this card. You may cast the creature later from exile.)				!eggprintREPLACEMEAnnalisa, the Divine Light	W	cube	Legendary Creature — Angel 	7	W	4WWW	Flying
As Annalisa enters, choose a card type.
Your opponents can’t cast spells of the chosen type.	7/7		normal	ACE		REPLACEMESeal the Gateway	W	cube	Instant	47	W	W	Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)
Target creature or planeswalker an opponent controls phases out. If you’re in a renaissance, exile it instead.			normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEAssimilate	W	cube	Sorcery	13	W	W	The owner of target creature may put it into their library third from the top. If they don’t, exile it.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMESet in Stone	W	cube	Instant	48	W	1W	Destroy target creature or planeswalker. Its controller creates two Idol tokens. (They’re artifacts with “1, Sacrifice this artifact: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.”)			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEDream Sequence	W	cube	Sorcery	21	W	1WW	Exile target nonland permanent.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEBigger Fish	W	cube	Instant	15	W	1W	Exile target creature or planeswalker with mana value 3 or greater.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEExonerate	W	cube	Sorcery	23	W	W	Exile target creature or planeswalker with mana value less than or equal to the number of nonland permanents you control.			normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMERestore Justice	W	cube	Sorcery	45	W	2W	Choose any number of nonland permanent types. For each type chosen, each player that doesn’t control the fewest number of permanents of that type sacrifices a permanent of that type. Then each player that doesn’t have the fewest number of cards in their hand discards a card.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEThe Fate of Man	W	cube	Sorcery	24	W	2WW	Destroy all creatures.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEEnd of Days	W	cube	Sorcery	22	W	3WW	Choose a nonland permanent type, then destroy all nonland permanents that aren’t of the chosen type.			normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEKhamsin	W	cube	Sorcery	33	W	3W	Destroy all lands. Each player creates a tapped colorless Desert land token with “T: Add C.”			normal	ACE		REPLACEMECall Forth	W	cube	Sorcery	18	W	XW	Search your library for a white enchantment or planeswalker card with mana value X or less, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEArrival of the Sun Fleet	W	cube	Sorcery	12	W	4WW	Search your library for a Vehicle card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle. Create a 1/1 white Pirate creature token with “This creature crews Vehicles as though its power were 2 greater.”
Swansong (Then you may exile this. If you do, you can’t cast spells for the rest of the game, and at the beginning of each of your upkeeps, copy this spell except for swansong.)			normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMERivha's Blessed Blade	W	cube	Legendary Artifact — Equipment 	46	W	1W	Equipped creature gets +1/+1 and has flying.
Equipped creature dealing combat damage to a player causes abilities of that creature to trigger as though it entered.
Equip 1W			normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEGavel of the Gods	W	cube	Artifact — Equipment 	27	W	W	Equipped creature gets +4/+4.
Whenever equipped creature deals combat damage to a player, exile target nonland permanent that player controls.
Equip 6			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEThrough the Looking Glass	W	cube	Enchantment	52	W	2W	When Through the Looking Glass enters, target nonland permanent an opponent controls phases out until Through the Looking Glass leaves. (While it’s phased out, treat it and anything attached to it as though they don’t exist.)			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEPact of Enlightenment	W	cube	Enchantment	41	W	W	When Pact of Enlightenment enters, invoke Angel. (Begin or advance the Path of the Angel.)
W, Sacrifice Pact of Enlightenment: Exile target nonland permanent an opponent controls with mana value 3 or less. Activate only during your turn and only if you control an Angel.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMETime's Abrasion	W	cube	Enchantment — Aura 	53	W	W	Enchant creature
Enchanted creature is a Clue artifact with “2, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.” It loses all other card types and abilities.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEMigratory Path	W	cube	Enchantment	40	W	2WW	When Migratory Path enters, exile up to three target creatures until Migratory Path leaves.
At the beginning of your upkeep, return a creature card exiled with Migratory Path to the battlefield under its owner’s control. Then if there are no cards exiled with Migratory Path, sacrifice it.			normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMETip the Scales	W	cube	Enchantment	55	W	1WW	When Tip the Scales enters, you become the warlord. (Draw a card at your end step if you attacked this turn. Whenever you’re dealt combat damage by a creature, its controller becomes the warlord.)
At the beginning of your upkeep, if you’re the warlord, create a 3/3 white and black Angel creature token with flying.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEMantle of Devotion	W	cube	Enchantment	37	W	1W	At the beginning of combat on your turn, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control with mana value 3 or less. It gains indestructible until end of turn.			adventure	ACE		Skyward Bound	W	Sorcery — Tale 	W	2W	Create a 3/3 white and black Angel creature token with flying. (Cast a copy of this once while this is on the battlefield.)				REPLACEMETiny Heroine Totti	W	cube	Legendary Planeswalker — Totti 	54	W	1WW			Your opponents can’t search libraries unless they pay 2.
[+2]: If an opponent has more life than you, you gain 2 life.
[0]: If an opponent controls more creatures than you, you create two 1/1 white Gnome creature tokens.
[-4]: Search your library for a creature card with mana value 2, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.	planeswalker	ACE	3	!eggprintREPLACEMESeto San, Dragonblade	W	cube	Legendary Planeswalker — Seto 	49	W	1WW			As long as it’s your turn, Seto San is a 3/3 Human Warrior creature with indestructible.
[+1]: Up to one target creature you control gains lifelink until end of turn.
[0]: Create a 1/1 white Warrior creature token.
[-X]: Search your library for an Aura or Equipment card with mana value X and put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.	planeswalker	ACE	3	!eggprintREPLACEMEMafua, Oathseeker	W	cube	Legendary Planeswalker — Mafua 	36	W	3W			Whenever you attack with two or more creatures, you may activate one of Mafua’s loyalty abilities.
[+1]: Put a +1/+1 counter on up to one target creature.
[-1]: Exile target creature. Return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control at the beginning of the next end step.
[-2]: Return target creature card with mana value
3 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield.	planeswalker	ACE	3	!eggprintREPLACEMEVelia Sol, Queen of the Flock	W	cube	Legendary Planeswalker — Velia 	56	W	2WW			As long as Velia Sol isn’t on the battlefield, she’s a 4/4 Angel creature in addition to her other types.
[+1]: Put a flying counter and a lifelink counter on up to one target creature. It becomes an Angel.
[0]: Until end of turn, Velia Sol becomes a 4/4 Angel creature with flying, lifelink, and indestructible.
[-6]: You get an emblem with “Whenever an Angel you control attacks, exile target nonland permanent defending player controls.”	planeswalker	ACE	4	REPLACEMEHeping, at War's End	W	cube	Legendary Planeswalker — Heping 	30	W	3WW			[+1]: Target opponent can’t cast more than one spell during their next turn.
[0]: Another target nonland permanent phases out until your next turn. If that permanent didn’t phase in this turn, Heping phases out.
[-7]: Each opponent gets an emblem with “For the rest of the game, you can only attack once.”	planeswalker	ACE	4	REPLACEMESeto San, the Sacred Hand	W	cube	Legendary Planeswalker — Seto 	50	W	3WW			[+1]: Create two 1/1 white Warrior creature tokens. You gain 2 life.
[-2]: Destroy each creature with the greatest power or tied for the greatest power among creatures on the battlefield.
[-5]: Creatures you control get +X/+X and gain lifelink until end of turn, where X is the number of creatures you control.	planeswalker	ACE	3	!eggprintREPLACEMEProdigious Panya	U	cube	Legendary Creature — Mouse Warrior 	94	U	U	Flash
Flying
Prodigious Panya has base power 
and toughness 4/4 during extra 
turns.	1/1		adventure	ACE		Great Escapade	U	Sorcery — Tale 	U	3UU	If it isn’t an extra turn, take an extra turn after this one. (Cast a copy of this spell once while this creature is on the battlefield.)				!eggprintREPLACEMECane Dancer	U	cube	Creature — Human Monk 	66	U	1U	Flash
When Cane Dancer enters, you may cast target blue instant or sorcery card with mana value 2 from your graveyard without paying its mana cost. If that card would be put into your graveyard this turn, exile it instead.	1/2		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEGraduate Student	U	cube	Creature — Human Wizard 	81	U	1U	You have no maximum hand size.
T: Draw a card, then discard a card unless you pay 2.	0/2		adventure	ACE		Dissertation	U	Sorcery — Adventure 	U	3UU	Each player shuffles their hand and graveyard into their library, then draws seven cards. (Then exile this card. You may cast the creature later from exile.)				!eggprintREPLACEMEDreadlich Captain	U	cube	Creature — Zombie Pirate 	74	U	1U	Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token with decayed. (It can’t block. When it attacks, sacrifice it at end of combat.)
3, Sacrifice three other Zombies: Create a 6/6 black Zombie Horror creature token. It can’t block this turn.	2/1		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEEli, Wise to the Winds	U	cube	Legendary Creature — Mutant Warlock 	75	U	1U	Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, create a tapped 2/2 blue Drake Construct artifact creature token with flying. That token doesn’t untap during your untap step for as long as you control Eli. This ability triggers only once each turn.
1U, Sacrifice a creature: Copy target instant or sorcery spell with mana value 3 or less. You may choose new targets for the copy.	0/1		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEThe Crowspeaker	U	cube	Creature — Human Shaman 	72	U	UU	T: Surveil 1. Then if you have no cards in your library, you win the game.	1/3		adventure	ACE		The Gift	U	Instant — Tale 	U	3UUU	Draw up to ten cards. You have no maximum hand size until your next turn. (Cast a copy of this once while this is on the battlefield.)				!eggprintREPLACEMEAcolyte of Genius	U	cube	Creature — Human Warlock 	59	U	UU	When Acolyte of Genius, invoke Sphinx. (Begin or advance the Path of the Sphinx.)	2/2		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEForaging Stoat	U	cube	Snow Creature — Weasel 	79	U	2U	When Foraging Stoat enters, search your library for a noncreature card with mana value 1, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.	2/2		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEArchive Curator	U	cube	Creature — Sphinx 	61	U	2U	Flash
Flying
When Archive Curator enters, look at target player’s hand and the bottom card of their library, then you may choose a nonland card from their hand. If you do, they exchange the chosen card with the bottom card of their library.	2/2		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEShino, the Fleeting Mist	U	cube	Legendary Creature — Shapeshifter 	100	U	1U	You may have Shino enter as a copy of any creature on the battlefield, except it has “At the beginning of your upkeep, torment yourself.” (You lose 3 life unless you discard a card or sacrifice a nonland permanent.)	0/0		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEGrand Artificer Rudlington	U	cube	Legendary Creature — Human Artificer 	82	U	1UU	Whenever you cast an artifact spell, create a 1/1 colorless Construct artifact creature token.
2U, T, Sacrifice two artifacts: Search your library for an artifact card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.	1/3		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEWorldwatcher	U	cube	Creature — Sphinx 	114	U	2UU	Flying
Whenever an opponent casts a spell, create a Clue token.
Sacrifice seven Clues: Draw seven cards.	3/4		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEPowder Scatterer	U	cube	Creature — Faerie Wizard 	92	U	1UU	Flash
Flying
When Powder Scatterer enters, exile target noncreature spell. Its controller draws a card.	3/1		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMECorridor Monitor	U	cube	Creature — Sphinx 	70	U	1UU	Flash
Flying
When Corridor Monitor enters, target player mills two cards for each spell cast this turn.	2/3		normal	ACE		REPLACEMESideshow Illusionist	U	cube	Creature — Human Wizard 	102	U	3U	Whenever you cast a spell, you may return another nonland permanent you control to its owner’s hand.	1/4		normal	ACE		REPLACEMERuhmi, Great Oppressor	U	cube	Legendary Creature — Sphinx 	98	U	2UU	Flying
Whenever an opponent casts their first noncreature spell each turn, counter than spell unless that player pays 4.	4/4		normal	ACE		REPLACEMECurio Antiquary	U	cube	Creature — Sphinx 	73	U	7U	Affinity for artifacts
Flying
When Curio Antiquary enters, look at the top four cards of your library, then separate them into a face-down pile and a face-up pile. An opponent chooses one. Put the chosen pile into your hand and the rest into your graveyard. 	3/3		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEFatesower Sphinx	U	cube	Creature — Sphinx 	76	U	3UU	Flying
When Fatesower Sphinx enters, scry 2.
Islandcycling 1 (1, Discard this card: Search your library for an Island card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.)	4/4		normal	ACE		REPLACEMESlushslosher	U	cube	Creature — Giant 	104	U	3UU	Flash
When Slushslosher enters, exile up to one target instant or sorcery card with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard. Until end of turn, you may cast that card without paying its mana cost.	3/5		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEArchitect of Wisdom	U	cube	Creature — Sphinx 	60	U	6UU	Flying
When Architect of Wisdom enters, gain control of target nonland permanent. It becomes a 3/3 Sphinx creature with flying and loses all other types.	6/6		normal	ACE		REPLACEMECrack the Books	U	cube	Sorcery	71	U	1U	Draw two cards, then torment yourself. (You lose 3 life unless you discard a card or sacrifice a permanent.)			normal	ACE		REPLACEMERippling Thoughts	U	cube	Instant	97	U	2U	Draw three cards, then discard two cards unless you discard a blue card.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEFleeting Realms	U	cube	Instant	77	U	3U	Reveal the top four cards of your library. An opponent chooses one. Exile the chosen card, then put the rest into your hand.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEBattle for the Mistwinds	U	cube	Battle — Conquest 	62	U	2UU	(As a Conquest enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When it’s defeated, put it onto the battlefield transformed.)
When Battle for the Mistwinds enters, look at the top five cards of your library. Put two of them into your hand and the rest into your graveyard.			double faced	ACE	5	Ile Des Sirenes		Land	U		T: Add U.
2U, T: Mill two cards, then draw a card. If your library has no cards in it, you win the game instead.				!eggprintREPLACEMEStrategize	U	cube	Sorcery	106	U	U	Look at the top two cards of your library. Put one of them into your hand and the other on the top of your library or into your graveyard.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMECareful Calculation	U	cube	Sorcery	67	U	U	Look at the top three cards of your library, then put them all on top or bottom of your library in any order.
Draw a card.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEConfront Universal Truths	U	cube	Instant	69	U	2U	Draw two cards, then discard a card. Invoke Sphinx. (Begin or advance the Path of the Sphinx.)			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEBenthic Prophecy	U	cube	Sorcery	63	U	U	Draw a card, then discard a card.
Build-a-beast 1. (Put a listed counter on your Beast Mutant token. If you don’t control one, create a 0/0 green Beast Mutant token first.)
• +1/+1			normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMELast Passage	U	cube	Sorcery	87	U	1U	Forebode three times, then untap each Omen you control. Until end of turn, if you would draw a card while your library has no cards in it, you win the game instead. (Create a tapped colorless Omen artifact token with “T, Discard a card, Sacrifice this: Draw a card.”)			normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMESeek Insight	U	cube	Instant	99	U	U	Search your library for an instant or sorcery card and exile it with three time counters on it, then shuffle. It gains “At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter from this card” and “When the last time counter is removed from this card, put it into your hand.”			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEMisread the Runes	U	cube	Instant	89	U	U	When you cast this spell, copy it if it targets an instant, sorcery, or planeswalker spell.
Counter target spell unless its controller pays 1.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEUnravel Connections	U	cube	Instant	110	U	U	Counter target creature spell. Its controller investigates.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMETwisted Conjury	U	cube	Instant	109	U	1U	Counter target spell unless its controller pays 1 for each card in their hand.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEHydrolyze	U	cube	Instant	83	U	1U	Counter target spell. If that spell is countered this way, its owner puts it on the top or bottom of their library instead of into their graveyard.
Each player draws a card.			normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEChronotether	U	cube	Instant	68	U	1U	Counter target noninstant spell unless its controller pays 4.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEWays of Old	U	cube	Instant	111	U	1UU	Counter target spell. At the beginning of your next main phase, add CCC.			normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMERebuff the Unknown	U	cube	Instant	96	U	XU	Delve (Each card you exile from your graveyard while casting this spell pays for 1.)
Counter target spell with mana value X.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEForce of Scrutiny	U	cube	Instant	80	U	1UU	Draft this card face up.
As you draft a card, you may remove that card from the draft and note its type.
You may exile a blue card from your hand rather than pay this spell’s mana cost.
Counter target spell if it has a type noted for Force of Scrutiny.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMETrawl the Surface	U	cube	Instant	107	U	1UUU	Counter up to one target spell. Return up to one target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard to your hand.
Exile Trawl the Surface.			normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEStarstrike	U	cube	Instant	105	U	3UU	Choose two —
• Put up to one target nonland permanent into its owner’s library third from the top.
• Look at the top four cards of your library. Put one into your hand and the rest on the bottom in any order.
• Counter up to one target spell unless its controller pays 5.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEShuilong Technique	U	cube	Sorcery	101	U	U	Draw a card. If this is the third spell you’ve cast this turn, create a 2/2 blue Drake creature token with flying. If this is the sixth spell you’ve cast this turn, exile it, then return up to three target instant and/or sorcery cards from your graveyard to your hand and untap up to six lands.			normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMELagoon Logistics	U	cube	Instant	86	U	1U	Until end of turn, if a permanent entering the battlefield under your control causes a triggered ability of that permanent to trigger, that ability triggers an additional time.
Exile target creature you control, then return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control.			normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMECall of the Cosmos	U	cube	Instant	65	U	XUU	Create X tapped tokens that are copies of target creature you control. Exile those tokens at the beginning of the next end step.			normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEWe Built This City	U	cube	Sorcery	112	U	2UU	Search your library for an artifact card with mana value less than or equal to the total mana value of artifacts you control, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEPore Over the Past	U	cube	Sorcery	91	U	3U	Mill four cards. You may cast instant and sorcery cards from your graveyard this turn. If a card cast this way would be put into your graveyard this turn, exile it instead.
Exile Pore Over the Past.			normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMETurn Back the Clock	U	cube	Sorcery	108	U	2UU	Take an extra turn after this one. Exile Turn Back the Clock.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMESkin to Stone	U	cube	Sorcery	103	U	2UU	Gain control of target nonland permanent. Its controller creates a 3/3 colorless Sand Construct artifact creature token.			normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEWetland Migration	U	cube	Sorcery	113	U	3UU	Each player shuffles their hand and graveyard into their library, then draws seven cards. When you do, choose one —
• Create two Treasure tokens.
• Abound noncreature. (You may cast a noncreature spell that costs less than this from your hand without paying its mana cost.)			normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEThe Price of Prosperity	U	cube	Sorcery	93	U	4UU	Wayfarer (If you’ve spent WUBRG this turn, discover L’Or.)
Each player shuffles their hand and graveyard into their library, then draws seven cards. If you’ve discovered L’Or, create five Treasure tokens.			normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEPact of Genius	U	cube	Enchantment	90	U	U	When Pact of Genius enters, invoke Sphinx. (Begin or advance the Path of the Sphinx.)
1U, Sacrifice Pact of Genius: Return target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard to your hand. Activate only during your turn and only if you control a Sphinx.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEJuyu Offering Pool	U	cube	Enchantment — Gallery 	85	U	1U			(Choose only one work as a sorcery to add its ability.)
When Juyu Offering Pool enters, reveal the top five cards of your library. You may put a noncreature card from among them into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.
1U: Scales of Shara
Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control.
6UU: Eye of Shojiro
Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, create an 8/8 blue Kraken creature token.	class	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEBleeding Dunes	U	cube	Enchantment	64	U	2U	3U, Discard Bleeding Dunes: Draw a card. Create a 4/3 blue and red Sand Shark creature token with prowess.
At the beginning of each end step, if you cast a noncreature spell this turn, add a 4/3 blue and red Sand Shark creature token with prowess to your bestiary. (If you would create a creature token, you may instead play one from your bestiary.)			normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEFool's Orrery	U	cube	Artifact	78	U	2U	You may look at the top card of your library at any time.
Concord — You may play the top card of your library as long as there are four or more card types among permanents you control.			normal	ACE		!eggprint
!cutREPLACEMEIng'Wei, Azure Empress	U	cube	Legendary Planeswalker — Ing’Wei 	84	U	1UU			Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)
[+1]: Scry 1. If you’re in a renaissance, draw a card.
[-2]: Return target nonland permanent to its owner’s hand if its mana value is 3 or less or if you’re in a renaissance.
[-6]: Create two 8/8 blue Kraken creature tokens. If you’re in a renaissance, take an extra turn after this one.	planeswalker	ACE	3	!eggprintREPLACEMERami Nyi, the Tsunami	U	cube	Legendary Planeswalker — Rami 	95	U	2UU			Whenever you cast a spell on an opponent’s turn, you may activate one of Rami Nyi’s loyalty abilities. (You still pay its costs.)
[+1]: Create a 0/1 blue Fish creature token.
[0]: Draw a card, then discard a card unless you sacrifice a permanent.
[-3]: The owner of target spell or nonland permanent puts that card on the top or bottom of their library.	planeswalker	ACE	4	!eggprintREPLACEMELyris of the Grand Library	U	cube	Legendary Planeswalker — Lyris 	88	U	2UU			If an opponent would draw one or more cards except the first one they draw in each of their draw steps, instead fateseal that number, then they draw that many cards.
[+1]: Draw a card. Each player investigates.
[-3]: Create Grimm, a legendary colorless Construct artifact creature token with flying and “This creature’s power and toughness are each equal to the number of cards in your hand.”	planeswalker	ACE	4	REPLACEMEMother of Ruin	B	cube	Creature — Zombie 	153	B	B	T: Another target creature you control gains undying until end of turn. (When it dies, if it had no +1/+1 counters, return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control with a +1/+1 counter.)	1/2		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEHopeless Heroine	B	cube	Creature — Human Scout 	144	B	B	When Hopeless Heroine enters, forebode. (Create a tapped colorless Omen artifact token with “T, Discard a card, Sacrifice this: Draw a card.”)
Whenever you discard one or more cards during your turn, put a +1/+1 counter on Hopeless Heroine.	1/1		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEDeathstalker	B	cube	Creature — Scorpion 	131	B	B	Deathtouch
BB, Sacrifice Deathstalker: Target player dealt damage by Deathstalker this turn discards two cards at random.	1/1		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMETzelin, Cabal Liturgist	B	cube	Legendary Creature — Human Wizard 	167	B	B	Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)
Whenever a Demon enters under your control, put a +1/+1 counter on Tzelin.
2B, Sacrifice Tzelin: Each opponent loses life equal to Tzelin’s power. If you’re in a renaissance, draw that many cards.	1/2		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEThe Deep Ones	B	cube	Creature — Merfolk Horror 	132	B	B	Deathtouch
Whenever The Deep Ones deals combat damage to a player, look at the top three cards of that player’s library. Exile one face down, then put the rest into that player’s graveyard.
1BB, Discard your hand: Cast any number of cards exiled with The Deep Ones without paying their mana costs. You lose life equal to the total mana value of cards cast this way.	1/1		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEDark Rite Cleric	B	cube	Creature — Human Cleric 	129	B	B	Lifelink
1B, T: If you lost life this turn and you discarded a card or sacrificed a nonland permanent this turn, Dark Rite Cleric becomes a 5/5 Demon and gains flying. (This effect lasts indefinitely.)
Whenever Dark Rite Cleric attacks, if it’s a Demon, you may pay 5 life. If you do, draw five cards.	1/1		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEHolm, Street Rat	B	cube	Creature — Human Rogue 	143	B	1B	Fatefall (When this dies, you may activate one of its activated abilities without paying its cost.)
Holm can’t block.
1B: Create a 1/1 black Rat creature token with “This creature can’t block.”	3/2		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEPenny Pincher	B	cube	Creature — Human Rogue 	156	B	1B	When Penny Pincher enters, target opponent reveals their hand. You choose a nonland card from it. Exile that card. That player investigates. (They create a colorless Clue artifact token with “2, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.”)	2/1		normal	ACE		REPLACEMESmokebraid Ritualist	B	cube	Creature — Human Cleric 	162	B	1B	At the beginning of your upkeep, draw a card, then torment yourself. (You lose 3 life unless you discard a card or sacrifice a permanent.)	2/1		normal	ACE		REPLACEMECryptfog Prophet	B	cube	Creature — Elf Warlock 	128	B	1B	Whenever an opponent casts a noncreature spell, that player loses life equal to Cryptfog Prophet’s power.
Whenever an opponent draws a card except the first one they draw in each of their draw steps, put a +1/+1 counter on Cryptfog Prophet.	2/1		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEDauthi Dissector	B	cube	Creature — Dauthi Rogue 	130	B	1B	Shadow (This creature can block or be blocked by only creatures with shadow.)
Lifelink
When Dauthi Dissector enters, look at target opponent’s hand. You may exile a nonland card from it until Dauthi Dissector leaves.	1/1		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEEphel, Lord of Rot	B	cube	Legendary Creature — Human Warlock 	137	B	1B	Menace
Sacrifice Ephel: Until end of turn, creatures you control gain “When this creature dies, return it to the battlefield tapped under its owner’s control.”	2/1		normal	ACE		REPLACEMETomb Rat	B	cube	Creature — Rat 	166	B	1B	Draft Tomb Rat face up.
As you draft a nonland card with mana value 2 or less, you may remove that card from the draft face down. If you do, add a copy of Tomb Rat to your card pool.
Tomb Rat gets +1/+1 for each other creature you control named Tomb Rat and each card named Tomb Rat in your graveyard.	1/1		normal	ACE		!eggprint
!fixREPLACEMEHa'Eng, Profane Scribe	B	cube	Legendary Creature — Human Wizard 	142	B	1B	Discard a card: Ha’Eng gains deathtouch until end of turn.
Inspired — Whenever Ha’Eng becomes untapped, look at the top card of your library and exile it face down. Then you may pay 3 life to put all cards exiled with Ha’Eng into your hand.	2/3		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEAcolyte of Agony	B	cube	Creature — Skeleton Warlock 	116	B	BB	When Acolyte of Agony enters, invoke Demon. (Begin or advance the Path of the Demon.)	2/2		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEEternal Cadet	B	cube	Creature — Zombie Warrior 	138	B	2B	Fatefall (When this dies, you may activate one of its activated abilities without paying its cost.)
1B: Exile target creature card from a graveyard and create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token with decayed. If that card was put there from anywhere this turn, create two of those tokens instead.	3/3		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEBlood Moon Brute	B	cube	Creature — Chupacabra 	123	B	1BB	Menace
At the beginning of your upkeep, torment yourself. (You lose 3 life unless you discard a card or sacrifice a nonland permanent.)	5/3		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEKai'Zhou, the Purifier	B	cube	Legendary Creature — Human Demon 	147	B	1BB	Menace
When Kai’Zhou enters, you may have all legendary nonland permanents phase out until your next turn.
Whenever Kai’Zhou deals combat damage to a player, they sacrifice a legendary permanent.	3/4		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEDusk Lieutenant	B	cube	Creature — Skeleton Pirate 	134	B	1BB	When Dusk Lieutenant enters, forebode. (Create a tapped colorless Omen artifact token with “T, Discard a card, Sacrifice this: Draw a card.”)
Once each turn, when you discard a card during your turn, each opponent discards 
a card.	4/2		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEBaron of Calamity	B	cube	Creature — Demon Noble 	118	B	2B	Menace
Whenever an opponent loses life, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control.	3/2		normal	ACE		REPLACEMERyn, First of the Dark Blood	B	cube	Legendary Creature — Human 	159	B	2B	When Ryn enters, invoke Demon. (Begin or advance the Path of the Demon.)
T, Sacrifice Ryn: You may cast a Demon card from your hand. If you do, pay life equal to its mana value rather than pay its mana cost.	2/3		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEBlood Jade Prophet	B	cube	Creature — Human Shaman 	122	B	BBB	When Blood Jade Prophet enters, reveal the top three cards of your library. For each card revealed this way, you may pay 3 life. If you do, put that card into your hand. Otherwise, put it into your graveyard.	3/3		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEKing Khalfan Amidi	B	cube	Legendary Creature — Human Noble 	148	B	2BB	Menace
Whenever Khalfan attacks, you may sacrifice a non-Noble creature. If you do, defending player sacrifices a creature.	4/3		adventure	ACE		Tyrant's Will	B	Sorcery — Tale 	B	4BB	You control target opponent until the end of that player’s next main phase. (Cast a copy of this once while this is on the battlefield.)				REPLACEMESkeletal Sculptor	B	cube	Creature — Mutant Warlock 	160	B	2BB	When Skeletal Sculptor enters, return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield until Skeletal Sculptor leaves. That creature has base power and toughness 4/4.	2/2		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEEmbodiment of Agony	B	cube	Creature — Demon 	135	B	2BB	At the beginning of each player’s upkeep, torment that player. (They lose 3 life unless they discard a card or sacrifice a nonland permanent.)	5/5		normal	ACE		REPLACEMESkullpiercer Cavalry	B	cube	Creature — Human Knight 	161	B	2BB	When Skullpiercer Cavalry enters, you become the warlord. (Draw a card at your end step if you attacked this turn. Whenever you’re dealt combat damage by a creature, its controller becomes the warlord.)
Whenever you become the warlord, target opponent reveals their hand, then discards a nonland card.	3/2		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEMerciless Bushi	B	cube	Creature — Demon Warrior 	151	B	2BB	When Merciless Bushi enters, pay X life. When you do, target creature an opponent controls gets -X/-X until end of turn.	3/3		normal	ACE		REPLACEMELizhao, Last Breath of the Yenzu	B	cube	Legendary Creature — Elder Demon 	149	B	3BB	Flying, lifelink
Other Demons you control have flying and lifelink.
If you would create a creature token, you may pay 5 life to create a 5/5 black Demon creature token instead.	5/5		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEMindrender Demon	B	cube	Creature — Demon 	152	B	3BB	Flying
When Mindrender Demon enters , each opponent discards a card.
Swampcycling 1 (1, Discard this card: Search your library for a Swamp card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.)	4/4		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEBearer of Last Wishes	B	cube	Creature — Demon 	120	B	5BB	Flying
When Bearer of Last Wishes enters, you may discard your hand. If you do, search your library for two cards and put those cards into your hand, then shuffle.	7/7		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMERavaging Tyrant	B	cube	Creature — Giant Warrior 	158	B	5BB	Whenever Ravaging Tyrant enters or attacks, each opponent loses 3 life, discards a card, and sacrifices a creature or planeswalker.	7/9		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEArchdemon Griselbrand	B	cube	Legendary Creature — Demon 	117	B	4BBBB	Flying, lifelink
Whenever Archdemon Griselbrand deals combat damage to a player, if you have fewer than seven cards in hand, draw cards equal to the difference.
Whenever you cast a spell, torment each opponent. (They lose 3 life unless they discard a card or sacrifice a nonland permanent.)
Pay 7 life: Add BBBBBBB.	7/7		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEWhims of the Swarm	B	cube	Sorcery	169	B	B	Choose odd or even. Target player reveals their hand. You choose a nonland card from it with mana value of the chosen quality. That player discards that card.			normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEPerilous Brainwork	B	cube	Sorcery	157	B	B	As an additional cost to cast this spell, torment yourself. (You lose 3 life unless you discard a card or sacrifice a nonland permanent.)
Target player reveals their hand. You choose a nonland card from it. That player discards that card.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEThe Blood Sun Sets	B	cube	Instant	124	B	B	Until end of turn, target creature you control gains “T: Destroy target creature.”			normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMESpear the Core	B	cube	Instant	163	B	B	Destroy target creature with power, toughness, or mana value 2 or less.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEStrip Sin from Bone	B	cube	Instant	164	B	BB	Destroy target creature or planeswalker. If its mana value is 3 or greater, torment yourself. (You lose 3 life unless you discard a card or sacrifice a nonland permanent.)			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEFall	B	cube	Sorcery	139	B	1B	Target opponent sacrifices a creature or planeswalker they control with the highest mana value among those permanents.			aftermath	ACE		REPLACEMEDishonor the Fallen	B	cube	Instant	133	B	1B	Destroy target creature or planeswalker if it shares a color with a card in its controller’s graveyard.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMECrucify	B	cube	Instant	126	B	2B	You may pay B and 4 life rather than pay this spell’s mana cost.
Target creature gets -5/-5 until end of turn.			normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMECasualty of the Swarm	B	cube	Instant	125	B	1B	Choose odd or even. Target player sacrifices a creature or planeswalker with mana value of the chosen quality.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEFester and Fade	B	cube	Instant	140	B	1B	Target creature gets -4/-4 until end of turn. Add a 0/0 black Shade creature token with “This creature gets +1/+1 for each creature card in your graveyard” to your bestiary. (If you would create a creature token, you may instead play one from your bestiary.)			normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEAbyssal Corruption	B	cube	Sorcery	115	B	1BB	As an additional cost to cast this spell, pay X life.
Destroy each creature with mana value X or less.			normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEUnleash Hell	B	cube	Sorcery	168	B	2B	Torment target opponent. (They lose 3 life unless they discard a card or sacrifice a nonland permanent.)
Storm (When you cast this spell, copy it for each spell cast before it this turn. You may choose new targets for the copies.)			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEWhispers of the Dead	B	cube	Instant	170	B	1B	As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature.
Look at the top three cards of your library. Put two of them into your hand and the other into your graveyard.			normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEInfernal Consultation	B	cube	Instant	145	B	1B	Search your library for a card, then shuffle and put that card on top of your library or into your graveyard.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEInitiation Ritual	B	cube	Sorcery	146	B	2BB	Search your library for a card, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library.
Wanderlust — If you control four or more differently named lands, you may cast a card with mana value 4 or less from your hand by paying life equal to its mana value rather than paying its mana cost.			normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEBirth of the Yaozu	B	cube	Sorcery	121	B	3BB	Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)
Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield. If it was put there from the battlefield this turn, create a token that’s a copy of it. If you’re in a renaissance, create a token that’s a copy of it.			normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMETear Loose	B	cube	Sorcery	165	B	2BB	Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield.
Fabled 1B (Then if you cast this for its fabled cost, put it onto the battlefield transformed attached to that creature.)			transform double faced	ACE		Heartstrings	B	Enchantment — Aura 	B		Enchant creature
When Heartstrings leaves the battlefield, exile enchanted creature.
When enchanted creature attacks or blocks, exile it at end of combat.				!eggprintREPLACEMEFever Tree	B	cube	Artifact	141	B	B	1, T: Target player loses 1 life. If that player has one or fewer cards in hand, they lose 3 life instead.			adventure	ACE		Spinal Tap	B	Sorcery — Tale 	B	B	Target player reveals their hand. You choose a nonland card from it. That player discards that card. (Cast a copy of this once while this is on the battlefield.)				!eggprintREPLACEMEPact of Agony	B	cube	Enchantment	155	B	B	When Pact of Agony enters, invoke Demon. (Begin or advance the Path of the Demon.)
1B, Sacrifice Pact of Agony: Each opponent loses 3 life and you gain 3 life. Activate only during your turn and only if you control a Demon.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMECrypt Mantle	B	cube	Enchantment — Aura 	127	B	2B	Enchant creature you control
B, Sacrifice enchanted creature: Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield.
2B: Return Crypt Mantle from your graveyard to the battlefield attached to target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEEncroaching Blight	B	cube	Enchantment	136	B	1BB	At the beginning of your end step, choose one that hasn’t been chosen —
• Each opponent loses 3 life and you gain 3 life.
• Return up to two target creature cards from your graveyard to your hand.
• Create a 3/2 black Snake creature token.
• Sacrifice Encroaching Blight. You lose 3 life, discard two cards, and sacrifice a creature.			normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEBattle for the Dead Strait	B	cube	Battle — Conquest 	119	B	1B	(As a Conquest enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When it’s defeated, put it onto the battlefield transformed.)
When Battle for the Dead Strait enters, search your library for a card, then shuffle and put that card on top. You lose 2 life.			double faced	ACE	5	Shadow Lagoon		Land	B		T: Add B.
1B, T: Exile the top five cards of your library, then search your library for a card, shuffle, and put that card on top.				!eggprintREPLACEMENicrosil Mantle	B	cube	Legendary Enchantment — Aura 	154	B	4BB	Machinate 3BB
Enchant creature you control
Enchanted creature gets +4/+4, has menace and “Whenever this creature attacks, choose creature or planeswalker. The defending player sacrifices a permanent of the chosen type,” and is a God.
When enchanted creature dies, return Nicrosil Mantle to the battlefield.			normal	ACE		!curtain
!eggprintREPLACEMEMarguo of the Cosmic Chasm	B	cube	Legendary Planeswalker — Marguo 	150	B	1BB			[+1]: Up to one target creature gains shadow until end of turn. (That creature can block or be blocked by only creatures with shadow.)
[0]: You may sacrifice a creature. If you do, each opponent sacrifices a creature. Repeat this process for discarding cards.
[-2]: Destroy target planeswalker.
[-4]: Target opponent gets an emblem with “Whenever you draw a card, torment yourself.” (They lose 3 life unless they discard a card or sacrifice a nonland permanent.)	planeswalker	ACE	3	REPLACEMESuitor of the Sea	R	cube	Creature — Human Pirate 	220	R	R	At the beginning of your upkeep, Suitor of the Sea deals 1 damage to each player.	2/1		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMELi Quan, Flamefang	R	cube	Legendary Creature — Hound 	199	R	R		2/2		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEPyre Lasher	R	cube	Creature — Human Wizard 	206	R	R	Prowess
Whenever Pyre Lasher attacks, you may exile two instant and/or sorcery cards from your graveyard. If you do, Pyre Lasher deals 1 damage to any target.	1/2		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEBrilliant Innovator	R	cube	Creature — Human Artificer 	177	R	R	R, T, Sacrifice an artifact: Exile target artifact card from your graveyard and create a token that’s a copy of it.	1/1		normal	ACE		REPLACEMETumbili, Swift Bandit	R	cube	Legendary Creature — Monkey Warrior 	224	R	R	Super haste (This may attack the turn before you cast it. (You may put this card from your hand onto the battlefield tapped and attacking during your declare attackers step. If you do, you lose the game at the beginning of your next turn’s end step unless you pay this card’s mana cost during that turn.))
Whenever Tumbili deals combat damage to a player, that player draws a card, then exiles a card at random from their hand. Until end of turn, you may cast that card, and you may spend mana as though it were mana of any color to cast that spell.	2/1		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEFervent Lutist	R	cube	Creature — Dragon Bard 	185	R	R	Prowess
Instant and sorcery spells you control have trample. (They deal excess damage to their target’s controller.)	1/2		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEIanthe Legionnaire	R	cube	Creature — Human Knight 	195	R	R	Ianthe Legionnaire gets +2/+1 and has flying as long as you control a Dragon.	1/2		adventure	ACE		Flame On	R	Sorcery — Tale 	R	3RR	Create a 4/4 red Dragon creature token with flying. It gains haste. (Cast a copy of this spell once while this creature is on the battlefield.)				REPLACEMEHamlet Shrieker	R	cube	Creature — Dragon 	193	R	1R	Flying
Whenever Hamlet Shrieker enters or an opponent plays a nonbasic land, exile the top card of your library. You may play that card until the beginning of your next end step.
Whenever you play a card from exile, Hamlet Shrieker deals 1 damage to any non-Dragon target.	1/1		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEFlux Harnesser	R	cube	Artifact Creature — Construct 	189	R	1R	Flux Harnesser gets +3/+0 as long as you’ve cast two or more instant or sorcery spells this turn.
Whenever Flux Harnesser attacks, you may discard a card. If you do, draw a card.	1/3		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEBlacksmith Trainee	R	cube	Creature — Ouphe Artificer 	175	R	1R		2/2		adventure	ACE		Honest Mistake	R	Sorcery — Tale 	R	R	Destroy target artifact. (Cast a copy of this spell once while this creature is on the battlefield.)				REPLACEMEFireguard Mercenaries	R	cube	Creature — Human Knight 	187	R	1R	Fireguard Mercenaries attacks each combat if able.
Pay 3 life: Fireguard Mercenaries gains first strike until end of turn.	3/2		normal	ACE		REPLACEMETwinflame Cleaver	R	cube	Creature — Dragon Warrior 	225	R	1R	Haste
Whenever Twinflame Cleaver attacks, if you have one or fewer cards in hand, exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn.
Whenever you cast a spell from exile, put a +1/+1 counter on Twinflame Cleaver.	2/2		normal	ACE		REPLACEMERakkiri Dissident	R	cube	Creature — Fox Soldier 	207	R	RR	Haste
Whenever a player casts a spell, Rakkiri Dissident deals 1 damage to that player.	2/2		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEAcolyte of Scales	R	cube	Creature — Human Warlock 	172	R	RR	When Acolyte of Scales enters, invoke Dragon. (Begin or advance the Path of the Dragon.)	2/2		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEIncendiary Historian	R	cube	Creature — Human Rebel Wizard 	196	R	1R	Prowess
Concord — Once each turn during your turn, if there are four or more card types among permanents you control, you may cast a spell with mana value less than or equal to the number of lands you control from your hand without paying its mana cost.	2/2		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEFresh-Blood Feaster	R	cube	Creature — Wurm 	190	R	2R	Whenever a player draws a card, Fresh-Blood Feaster deals 1 damage to that player.	3/3		normal	ACE		REPLACEMESteeple Fiend	R	cube	Creature — Insect 	219	R	2R	Menace
Whenever an opponent gains life, Steeple Fiend deals 2 damage to any target.	3/3		normal	ACE		REPLACEMETinker Apprentice	R	cube	Creature — Mutant Artificer 	221	R	2R	Whenever a nontoken artifact enters under your control, you may pay its mana cost. If you do, create a token that’s a copy of that artifact.	3/2		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEElder General Hatsuo	R	cube	Legendary Creature — Human Warrior 	183	R	2R	Whenever Hatsuo attacks, if you control three or more attacking creatures, attacking creatures you control gain first strike until end of turn.
Inspired — Whenever Hatsuo becomes untapped, create a 1/1 white Warrior creature token. It gains haste and attacks this turn if able.	3/2		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMERelic Trampler	R	cube	Creature — Elephant 	211	R	1RR	When Relic Trampler enters, destroy target nonbasic colorless permanent. Its controller creates a colorless Desert land token with “T: Add C.”	3/3		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEMieng of the Pyre Waltz	R	cube	Legendary Creature — Human Wizard 	201	R	1RR	Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)
1R: Mieng gains flying until end of turn.
Whenever Mieng attacks, create a 4/4 red Dragon creature token with flying that’s tapped and attacking. Exile that token at end of combat unless you’re in a renaissance.	2/2		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMECovetous Wyvern	R	cube	Creature — Dragon 	181	R	1RR	Flying
When Covetous Wyvern enters, create a Treasure token.
Whenever Covetous Wyvern attacks, you may sacrifice an artifact. If you do, exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn.	2/2		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEGeneral Shen Xinya	R	cube	Legendary Creature — Human Warrior 	191	R	1RR	Double strike
At the beginning of your combat, choose one —
•  Arm target creature you control. (Create a colorless Equipment artifact token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 2 attached to that creature.)
• You may attach an Equipment you control to target creature you control.	1/2		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEOrcodontist	R	cube	Creature — Goblin Artificer 	203	R	2R	At the beginning of combat on your turn, build-a-beast 1. (Put a listed counter on your Beast Mutant token. If you don’t control one, create a 0/0 green Beast Mutant token first.)
• +1/+1     • Annihilator 1 (Whenever this creature attacks, defending player sacrifices a permanent.)	2/2		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMECalamitous Hellwing	R	cube	Creature — Dragon 	179	R	2RR	Flying
Calamitous Hellwing has double strike as long as it’s attacking.
2R: An opponent may sacrifice a permanent. If none does, Calamitous Hellwing gets +2/+0 until end of turn. 	1/5		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEAbiel, the Great Director	R	cube	Legendary Creature — Mutant Artificer 	171	R	2RR	If you would draw a card while you have no cards in hand, you may instead search your library for an artifact card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.
2R, Discard a card: Create a 1/1 colorless Puppet artifact creature token. Abiel deals 1 damage to any target.	4/3		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMESabrescale Champion	R	cube	Creature — Lizard Warrior 	214	R	2RR	When Sabrescale Champion enters, you become the warlord. (Draw a card at your end step if you attacked this turn. Whenever you’re dealt combat damage by a creature, its controller becomes the warlord.)
Whenever you become the warlord, Sabrescale Champion deals 2 damage to any target.	3/2		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEBurning Hart	R	cube	Creature — Elk Knight 	178	R	3R	Whenever Burning Hart deals combat damage to a player, it deals that much damage to up to one target planeswalker that player controls.	4/2		adventure	ACE		Forest Fire	R	Sorcery — Adventure 	R	1R	Forest Fire deals 4 damage to target creature or planeswalker. (Then exile this card. You may cast the creature later from exile.)				!eggprintREPLACEMECountryside Scorcher	R	cube	Creature — Dragon 	180	R	3RR	Flying, haste	5/5		adventure	ACE		Burninate	R	Sorcery — Tale 	R	1R	Burninate deals 1 damage to target player and each creature they control. (Cast a copy of this spell once while this creature is on the battlefield.)				REPLACEMESlagsluice Hellkite	R	cube	Artifact Creature — Dragon Construct 	217	R	2RRR	Flying, haste
If a source you control would deal damage to a player, it deals X times that damage instead, where X is the number of spells you’ve cast this turn. (If you haven’t cast a spell this turn, your sources deal no damage.)	3/3		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMERapacious Dragon	R	cube	Creature — Dragon 	208	R	3RR	Flying
When Rapacious Dragon enters, create a Treasure token.
Mountaincycling 1 (1, Discard this card: Search your library for a Mountain card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.)	4/4		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEBadland Ravager	R	cube	Creature — Dragon 	174	R	3RR	Flying, haste
Whenever Badland Ravager attacks or becomes the target of a spell an opponent controls, create a Junk token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”) (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”)	4/4		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEGriv, Host of the Inferno	R	cube	Legendary Creature — Dragon 	192	R	4RR	Flying
Whenever Griv enters or attacks, discard a card, then draw a card. When you do, Griv deals damage to up to one target creature equal to the discarded card’s mana value.
Channel — 1R, Discard Griv: Discard a card, then draw two cards.
Channel — 3R, Discard Griv: Griv deals 6 damage to target creature.	4/6		normal	ACE		REPLACEMETitan of Cracked Earth	R	cube	Creature — Elemental 	222	R	4RR	At the beginning of combat on your turn, create a 3/1 red Elemental creature token with haste. Sacrifice that token at the beginning of the next end step.
Whenever an Elemental you control dies, Titan of Cracked Earth deals 3 damage to any target.	6/6		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMESlipsteel Gash	R	cube	Sorcery	218	R	R	You may cast this spell as though it has flash if you control two or more artifacts.
Slipsteel Gash deals 3 damage to any target.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEExterminate	R	cube	Instant	184	R	R	Replicate 3R (When you cast this spell, copy it for each time you paid its replicate cost. You may choose new targets for the copies.)
Exterminate deals 2 damage to any target.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEBombs Away	R	cube	Instant	176	R	1R	Improvise (Your artifacts can help cast this spell. Each artifact you tap after you’re done activating mana abilities pays for 1.)
Bombs Away deals 3 damage to any target.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMETreacherous Passage	R	cube	Instant	223	R	1R	Choose one —
• Treacherous Passage deals 3 damage to target creature or player.
• Treacherous Passage deals 6 damage to target planeswalker.			normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEFires of Discovery	R	cube	Instant	188	R	1R	Fires of Discovery deals 3 damage to any target.
Wanderlust — If you control four or more differently named lands, create a tapped Treasure token.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMESacred Thunder	R	cube	Instant	215	R	2R	Choose one —
• Destroy target artifact.
• Sacred Thunder deals 3 damage to any target.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEMolten Vortex	R	cube	Sorcery	202	R	1RR	Choose one —
• Molten Vortex deals 3 damage to each creature.
• Destroy each artifact with mana value 3 or less.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMELet the Peasants Burn	R	cube	Instant	198	R	2R	Let the Peasants Burn deals 5 damage divided as you choose between any number of creatures and/or planeswalkers and 3 damage to you.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMERealize the Delicate Ideal		cube	Kindred Sorcery — Eldrazi Revelation 	209	R	R	Devoid (This card has no color.)
Exile the top two cards of your library. You may play one of those cards until the end of your next turn.
Coalesce 3RR (You may cast this for 3RR from your graveyard. If you do, put it onto the battlefield as an Eldrazi Horror creature. Exile it if it would leave the battlefield or not resolve.)
Double strike	2/2		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMELotus Ritual	R	cube	Sorcery	200	R	2R	Delve (Each card you exile from your graveyard while casting this spell pays for 1.)
Add RRR.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMERedcap Rebellion	R	cube	Sorcery	210	R	1R	Forebode twice. (Create a tapped colorless Omen artifact token with “T, Discard a card, Sacrifice this: Draw a card.”)
Draw a card.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEWheel of Destiny	R	cube	Sorcery	226	R	2R	Roll a d10. Each player may discard their hand, then draw a number of cards equal to the result. If no player does, draw three cards.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMERun Rampant	R	cube	Sorcery	213	R	3R	You may put a creature card from your hand onto the battlefield. It has base power and toughness 4/4 and gains haste. Return it to your hand at the beginning of the next end step.			normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEFifth District Incursion	R	cube	Instant	186	R	4R	You may put a nonland permanent card from your hand onto the battlefield. If it’s a creature, it gains haste. Exile that permanent at the beginning of the next end step.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEAncestral Inspiration	R	cube	Instant	173	R	R	Exile the top three cards of your library. Until your next end step, you may play those cards from exile.			normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEPact of Scales	R	cube	Enchantment	204	R	R	When Pact of Scales enters, invoke Dragon. (Begin or advance the Path of the Dragon.)
2R, Sacrifice Pact of Scales: Pact of Scales deals 4 damage to target creature or planeswalker. Activate only during your turn and only if you control a Dragon.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMERise of Cinders	R	cube	Enchantment	212	R	1R	When Rise of Cinders enters, create a 1/1 red Sand creature token.
Each creature you control has Rise of Cinders’s Tale.			adventure	ACE		Ignite	R	Sorcery — Tale 	R	1R	Until end of turn, this permanent becomes an enchantment creature with base power and toughness 4/4. Sacrifice it at end of turn.				!eggprintREPLACEMEPaint the Town Red	R	cube	Legendary Enchantment — Saga 	205	R	2RR			“It’s time, Sirif. Today your debts will be settled, whether in gold or in blood.”
Create a 2/2 red Cat creature token with first strike.
Paint the Town Red deals 4 damage to target opponent unless that player has you draw two cards.
Exile this Saga, then return it to the battlefield transformed under your control.	transform double faced	ACE		Sirif, the Tremulous God	R	Legendary Enchantment Creature — Cat God 	R		First strike
Whenever Sirif attacks, they deal 4 damage to defending player unless that player has you create a 2/2 red and white Cat creature token with first strike that’s tapped and attacking that player.
When Sirif dies, return this card to its owner’s hand.	4/2			!eggprintREPLACEMEInto the Breach	R	cube	Enchantment	197	R	4R	Creatures you control have haste.
At the beginning of your precombat main phase, you may put a creature card from your hand onto the battlefield. Sacrifice that creature at the beginning of the next end step.			normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMESarkhan, Scalebound	R	cube	Legendary Planeswalker — Sarkhan 	216	R	1RR			When Sarkhan enters, invoke Dragon. (Begin or advance the Path of the Dragon.)
[+1]: Discard a card, then draw a card.
[+1]: Add R.
[-5]: Create a 4/4 red Dragon creature token with flying. Then each Dragon you control deals damage equal to its power to any target.	planeswalker	ACE	2	REPLACEMEHedgewick Bofflenose	R	cube	Legendary Planeswalker — Hedgewick 	194	R	2RR			[+1]: Create an Omen token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Discard a card, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.”)
[0]: Sacrifice an artifact. When you do, Hedgewick deals 3 damage to any target.
[-3]: Target player discards their hand, then draws seven cards.
[-5]: Create three 0/0 colorless Construct artifact creature tokens with “This creature gets +1/+1 for each artifact you control.” Those tokens 
gain haste.	planeswalker	ACE	3	REPLACEMEDragon Queen Embra	R	cube	Legendary Planeswalker — Embra 	182	R	3RR			[+1]: Untap target noncreature permanent. It becomes a 5/5 red Dragon creature with flying until end of turn in addition to its other colors and types.
[-3]: Journey three times. (Exile the top three cards of your library face up. Whenever a creature you control deals combat damage to a player, put a journeyed card you own into your hand.)
[-7]: Search your library for any number of Dragon creature cards, put them onto the battlefield, 
then shuffle.	planeswalker	ACE	5	REPLACEMEGrove Cohort	G	cube	Creature — Human Druid 	246	G	G	T: Add one mana of any color a Forest you control could produce.	1/1		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEOaken Mystic	G	cube	Creature — Human Druid 	260	G	G	T: Untap target basic land.	1/1		normal	ACE		REPLACEMECrystalline Evergreen	G	cube	Creature — Plant 	238	WUBRG	G	T: Add G.
T, Pay 1 life: Add W, U, B, or R.	0/1		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEHinterland Pilgrim	G	cube	Creature — Elf Druid Scout 	249	G	G	T: Add G.
Wanderlust — T: Add one mana of any color. Activate only if you control four or more differently named lands.	0/1		normal	ACE		REPLACEMERing-Tailed Lemur	G	cube	Creature — Lemur 	263	WBG	G	T: Add W or B.	1/1		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMELorilyf Empath	G	cube	Creature — Elf Druid 	257	G	G	T: Add G.	1/1		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEEvolving Specimen	G	cube	Creature — Hydra 	241	G	G	Whenever you cast a spell with mana value equal to Evolving Specimen’s power plus one, put a +1/+1 counter on Evolving Specimen.
Evolving Specimen has hexproof and indestructible as long as its power is 8 or greater.	1/1		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEGlade Shriver	G	cube	Creature — Elf Druid 	245	G	G	T: Search your library for a land card, reveal it, then shuffle and put that card on top.	1/2		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEElvish Dreamspinner	G	cube	Creature — Elf Druid 	239	G	G	Elves you control have “T: Add G.”
6GG: Create an 8/8 green Elemental creature token.	1/1		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEVeiled Chameleon	G	cube	Creature — Lizard 	274	G	1G	Hexproof
T: Add one mana of any color.	1/1		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEArchdruid Akhim	G	cube	Legendary Creature — Human Druid 	230	G	GG	T: Add G for each creature you control.	1/2		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEMycoloid Spelunkers	G	cube	Creature — Fungus Scout 	259	G	1G	G: Exile target card from a graveyard. If it’s a creature card, put a +1/+1 counter on Mycoloid Spelunkers. If it’s an instant or sorcery card, you gain 2 life.	2/2		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEGeckoback Scout	G	cube	Creature — Human Scout 	244	G	1G	Spirited (When this enters, you may activate one of its activated abilities without paying its cost.)
1, Sacrifice Geckoback Scout: You may put a land card from your hand or graveyard onto the battlefield tapped.	1/1		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEVineridden Gate	G	cube	Creature — Wall 	277	G	1G	Defender
T: Add one mana of any color.	0/4		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEAcolyte of Progress	G	cube	Creature — Elf Cleric 	227	G	GG	When Acolyte of Progress enters, invoke Hydra. (Begin or advance the Path of the Hydra.)	2/2		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEWarfield Excavator	G	cube	Creature — Human Viking 	280	G	1G	Vigilance
Whenever Warfield Excavator attacks, you may exile target card from a graveyard.
Warfield Excavator gets +1/+1 for each card type among cards exiled with it.	2/3		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMERootspeaker	G	cube	Creature — Dryad 	264	G	2G	You may look at the top card of your library at any time.
You may play the top card of your library if it’s a land card. When you do, put a growth counter on it. It gains “T: Add one mana of any color.”	2/3		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEKeeper of the Godhold	G	cube	Creature — Hydra 	253	G	2G	Whenever a land enters under your control, create an Idol token. (It’s an artifact with “1, Sacrifice this artifact: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control. Activate only as a sorcery.”)
Whenever a +1/+1 is put on Keeper of the Godhold, draw a card. This ability triggers only once each turn.	2/2		normal	ACE		REPLACEMELeyline Seeker	G	cube	Creature — Elf Scout 	256	G	1GG	You may play an additional land on each of your turns.
T: Look at the top card of your library. If it’s a land card, you may reveal it and put it into your hand.	2/4		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEIsara, Botanarcanist	G	cube	Legendary Creature — Human Druid 	250	G	2G	The first land that enters under your control each turn has spirited. (When it enters, you may activate one of its activated abilities without paying its cost.)	3/2		normal	ACE		REPLACEMETradeway Terror	G	cube	Creature — Hydra 	271	G	2G	Fatefall (When this dies, you may activate one of its activated abilities without paying its cost.)
Tradeway Terror enters with three +1/+1 counters on it.
Remove two +1/+1 counters from Tradeway Terror: Destroy target artifact
or enchantment.	0/0		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEWeirdwood Rejuvenator	G	cube	Creature — Gnome Druid 	281	G	1GG	When Weirdwood Rejuvenator enters, return target card from your graveyard to your hand. If it’s a land, you may put it onto the battlefield tapped instead.	1/2		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEMahi-Mahi	G	cube	Creature — Fish 	258	G	2G	Whenever you cast a spell, put a +1/+1 counter on Mahi-Mahi. Then if there are three +1/+1 counters on Mahi-Mahi, remove them and untap up to three target lands.	2/2		normal	ACE		REPLACEMERuctious Hydra	G	cube	Creature — Hydra 	266	G	2GG	Haste, challenge (This creature can’t be blocked by more than one creature.)
Ructious Hydra enters with four +1/+1 counters on it.
Whenever Ructious Hydra survives damage, double the number of +1/+1 counters on it.	0/0		normal	ACE		REPLACEMETreeline Ranger	G	cube	Creature — Human Archer Scout 	272	G	3G	Reach
At the beginning of your upkeep, look at the top three cards of your library. You may put a land card from among them onto the battlefield. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.	1/4		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEUndergrowth Capybara	G	cube	Creature — Capybara 	273	G	3G	You may play an additional land on each of your turns.
You may play land cards from your graveyard.	2/2		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEThe Wakiwaki	G	cube	Legendary Creature — Fish Drake 	279	G	2GG	Vigilance, deathtouch
Whenever The Wakiwaki deals combat damage to a player, destroy target nonbasic, noncreature permanent that player controls. They create a tapped Island token.	4/4		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMETerritorial Snapper	G	cube	Creature — Turtle Hydra 	269	G	3G	You may play any number of lands on each of your turns.
Landfall — Whenever a land enters under your control, put a +1/+1 counter on Territorial Snapper.	1/1		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEJade Champion	G	cube	Creature — Centaur Knight 	251	G	3GG	Trample
When Jade Champion enters, search your library for a land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library.
Whenever Jade Champion deals combat damage to a player, untap all lands you control.	5/5		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMETerritorial Hydra	G	cube	Creature — Hydra 	268	G	3GG	Reach, vigilance
When Territorial Hydra enters, put two +1/+1 counters on target creature you control.
Forestcycling 1 (1, Discard this card: Search your library for a Forest card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.)	3/3		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEChiu, Hand of the Pack	G	cube	Legendary Creature — Human Druid 	237	G	3GG	Wolves you control have hexproof and “Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, draw a card.”
At the beginning of your end step, if you don’t control Shimaru the Unfading, create Shimaru the Unfading, a legendary 4/4 green Wolf Spirit creature token with trample.	2/2		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEBringer of Good Nature	G	cube	Creature — Treefolk Giant 	236	G	4GG	Trample
When Bringer of Good Nature enters, search your library for a Forest card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle. When you do, you may have target noncreature permanent become a copy of that land.	6/6		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEVexus, the Worldsbane	G	cube	Legendary Creature — Hydra 	275	G	4GG	Vigilance, reach
Vexus and other Hydras you control have “When this creature enters, you may have it fight target creature an opponent controls.”	6/6		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEVirulent Scourge	G	cube	Creature — Zombie Hydra 	278	G	4GGG	When Virulent Scourge enters, destroy target noncreature permanent.
Whenever a noncreature permanent an opponent controls dies, if it’s a land, you gain 3 life. Otherwise, create a 0/0 green Hydra creature token with a number of +1/+1 counters on it equal to that permanent’s mana value.	7/7		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEAlphasaurus Rex	G	cube	Creature — Dinosaur 	228	G	5GG	Vigilance, trample, haste
At the beginning of combat on your turn, upgrade each other creature you control. (Give each one of the listed counters it doesn’t already have.)
 • Vigilance  • Trample  • +1/+1	7/7		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEThriving Hydra	G	cube	Creature — Hydra 	270	G	4GGGG	Trample, haste
Thriving Hydra enters with four +1/+1 counters on it.
When Thriving Hydra enters, for each other creature you control, put X +1/+1 counters on that creature, where X is four minus its power.
Whenever Thriving Hydra attacks, double the number of +1/+1 counters on each creature you control.	0/0		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEBrinemaw	G	cube	Legendary Creature — Hydra 	235	G	6GGG	Whenever Brinemaw enters or attacks, discover 9. (Exile cards from the top of your library until you exile a nonland card with mana value 9 or less. Cast it without paying its mana cost or put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom in a random order.)	9/9		normal	ACE		REPLACEMERootstirring	G	cube	Sorcery	265	G	G	Search your library for two land cards, put them onto the battlefield, then shuffle. Sacrifice two lands at the beginning of your next end step.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEPride of the Sands	G	cube	Sorcery	262	G	1G	Take an extra turn after this one. Skip the combat phase of that turn.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMESomething Stirs Within	G	cube	Kindred Sorcery — Kraken Revelation 	267	G	XGG	Fathom GGG (If you cast this by sacrificing a creature or Vehicle and paying the fathom cost reduced by that permanent’s mana value, put this onto the battlefield as a creature after it resolves or loses targets.)
Search your library for a green creature card with mana value X or less, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle. If this spell was cast for its fathom cost, X is 1 plus the sacrificed permanent’s mana value.	3/3		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEBellow of Behemoths	G	cube	Sorcery	233	G	XGG	Search your library for up to two creature cards with total mana value X or less and put them onto the battlefield, then shuffle. Put a trample counter on either of them. Then put a vigilance counter on either of them.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEBreach the Palisade	G	cube	Sorcery	234	G	1G	Destroy target artifact or enchantment. Create a 0/0 green Hydra creature token, then put a +1/+1 counter on it for each permanent destroyed this way.
Overload 4GG (You may cast this spell for its overload cost. If you do, change “target” in its text to “each.”)			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEGrow Over	G	cube	Instant	247	G	G	Destroy target artifact or enchantment. Its controller may scry 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card on the bottom of your library.)			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEHatch	G	cube	Sorcery	248	G	2G	You may exile a creature card from your hand. If you do, create a token that’s a copy of the exiled creature, except it has base power and toughness 1/1.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEEpic Ancestry	G	cube	Sorcery	240	G	2GG	Search your library for a green creature card with mana value less than or equal to the total mana value of creatures you control, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEForest Fellowship	G	cube	Sorcery	243	G	2GG	Put a permanent card from your hand onto the battlefield. Then, each opponent may put a permanent from their hand onto the battlefield. If one does, repeat this process.			normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEExpansion's Embrace	G	cube	Sorcery	242	G	2G	Search your library for a Forest card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.
Invoke Hydra. (Begin or advance the Path of the Hydra.)			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEWildlife Sketches	G	cube	Enchantment — Gallery 	282	G	G			(Choose only one work as a sorcery to add its ability.)
When Wildlife Sketches enters, reveal the top five cards of your library. Put a creature card from among them into your hand and the rest on the bottom in any order.
1G: Carnation Petals
You may cast creature spells as though they had flash.
3G: Pecking Order
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may sacrifice a creature. If you do, search your library for a creature card with mana value 1 greater than the sacrificed creature’s and put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.	class	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEArboreal Library	G	cube	Enchantment — Study 	229	G	1G	Archive 1 (As this enters, shuffle the top card of your main library into a new face up library. Sacrifice this after the archived library is empty.)
At the beginning of your upkeep, look at the top three cards of your main library. Put one of them back on top and the others on the bottom of the archived library in any order. Then if the top card of the archived library is a land card, put it into your hand.			normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEVigor of the Vale	G	cube	Enchantment	276	G	G	You may play two additional lands on each of your turns. Those lands enter the battlefield tapped.
Wanderlust — Whenever a permanent enters tapped and under your control, if you control four or more differently named lands, untap it.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEPact of Progress	G	cube	Enchantment	261	G	G	When Pact of Progress enters, invoke Hydra. (Begin or advance the Path of the Hydra.)
2G, Sacrifice Pact of Progress: Put two +1/+1 counters on target creature you control. It must be blocked this turn if able. Activate only during your turn and only if you control a Hydra.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMELate Harvest	G	cube	Enchantment — Aura 	255	G	G	Enchant basic land
Enchanted land has “T: Add CC.”			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEBattle for Alas-Wana	G	cube	Battle — Conquest 	231	G	1GG	(As a Conquest enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When it’s defeated, put it onto the battlefield transformed.)
Whenever a player taps a land for mana, that player
adds one mana of any type that land produced.			double faced	ACE	5	Atine Grojogan		Land	G		T: Add G for each land you control.
20, Sacrifice Atine Grojogan: Create Alas-Wali, a legendary 20/20 green Avatar creature token with trample and indestructible.				!eggprintREPLACEMEKism, Daughter of Fates	G	cube	Legendary Planeswalker — Kism 	254	G	3GG			[+2]: Reveal cards from the top of your library until you reveal a permanent card. If it’s a land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped. Otherwise, put it into your hand. Put the rest of the cards on the bottom of your library in a random order.
[-3]: Copy the next permanent spell you cast this turn. (The copy becomes a token.)
[-9]: You get an emblem with “Whenever you cast a permanent spell, draw a card” and “The first permanent spell you cast each turn costs 0.”	planeswalker	ACE	4	!eggprintREPLACEMEBeastmaster Myrmidon	G	cube	Legendary Planeswalker — Myrmidon 	232	G	4GG			Whenever a creature enters under your control, create a green Aura enchantment token named Seal of Myrmidon attached to that creature. The token has enchant creature and “Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 and has hexproof.”
[+1]: Create a 3/2 green Seal creature token.
[-2]: Look at the top five cards of your library. You may put a creature card from among them onto the battlefield. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.	planeswalker	ACE	5	!eggprintREPLACEMEJake and the Gang	G	cube	Legendary Planeswalker — Jake 	252	G	2GG			[+1]: Look at the top three cards of your library. You may reveal a land card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom in any order.
[-2]: The next time you activate a nonmana ability of a land this turn, copy it. You may choose new targets for the copy.
[-4]: Untap up to four target lands.	planeswalker	ACE	5	REPLACEMEPainting Dolls	WU	cube	Instant	309	WU	1WU	Put a porcelain counter on each of up to one target creature and up to one target artifact. They become 3/3 colorless artifact creatures and lose all abilities.			normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMERiftwind Navigator	WU	cube	Creature — Spirit Pirate 	313	WU	2WU	Flash
When Riftwind Navigator enters, exile target spell or nonland permanent an opponent controls with mana value 4 or less.
When Riftwind Navigator leaves, the exiled card’s owner creates a 4/4 colorless Vehicle artifact token with crew 1.	3/2		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMETurbulent Gale	WU	cube	Sorcery	321	WU	4WU	Exile up to one target nonland permanent you control and up to one target nonland permanent you don’t control, then return each card exiled this way to the battlefield under your control.			normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEHemley, Tender Prodigy	WU	cube	Legendary Planeswalker — Hemley 	298	WU	1WU			[+1]: Create a 0/1 white Egg creature token.
[0]: Another target creature or planeswalker loses all abilities and becomes a blue Bird creature with base power and toughness 2/2 and slipstream. (It can’t be blocked as long as only creatures with slipstream are attacking.)
[-5]: Exile up to three target creatures, then return those cards to the battlefield under your control.	planeswalker	ACE	3	REPLACEMEKiyoko, the Twilight Blade	UB	cube	Legendary Planeswalker — Kiyoko 	303	UB	2UB	Deception 3UB (3UB, Return an unblocked attacker you control to hand: Put this card onto the battlefield from your hand tapped and attacking.)
Whenever Kiyoko, the Twilight Blade deals combat damage to a player, they mill three cards, then you may exile a card from that player’s graveyard. If you do, cast a copy of that card without paying its mana cost. (A copy of a permanent spell becomes a token.)		Deception 2UB
As long as it’s your turn, Kiyoko is a 4/4 Ninja creature with indestructible. Whenever she deals combat damage to a player, you may activate her loyalty abilities twice this turn rather than once.
[+2]: Target player mills three cards.
[-4]: Exile target card from an opponent’s graveyard, then you may cast a copy of that card without paying its mana cost.	planeswalker	ACE	3	REPLACEMEYusi, the Sable Crow	UB	cube	Legendary Planeswalker — Yusi 	327	UB	4UB			[+1]: Draw two cards, then sacrifice a permanent.
[-2]: Create a token that’s a copy of Yusi’s back face.
[-3]: Target opponent reveals their hand. Choose a nonland card in that player’s hand or graveyard, then exile it. You may cast it without paying its mana cost.	transform double faced	ACE	6	Screeching Umbra	UB	Planeswalker — Yusi 	UB				
[-3]: 	4	REPLACEMENightmare Feaster	UB	cube	Creature — Human Wizard 	308	UB	1UB	Flash
If a spell or ability an opponent controls would cause that player to draw a card, they exile the top card of their library instead. Until end of turn, they may play that card. If they don’t, you may play that card for as long as it remains exiled, and you may spend mana as though it were mana of any type to cast it.	2/3		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEAriessa, Kiss of the Brine	UB	cube	Legendary Creature — Merfolk Warlock 	284	UB	2UB	When Ariessa enters, add two 8/8 blue Kraken creature tokens to your bestiary. (If you would create a creature token, you may instead play one from your bestiary.)	3/5	First mate—Your starting deck contains at least eight cards that create tokens. (If this card outside the game is your chosen first mate, you may swap it with a card in your opening hand.)
When Ariessa enters, add two 8/8 blue Kraken creature tokens to your bestiary. (If you would create a creature token, you may instead play one from your bestiary.)	normal	ACE		REPLACEMEMaterial Gain	BR	cube	Sorcery	304	BR	1BR	Create a 1/1 colorless Puppet artifact creature token, then choose two —
•  Each player sacrifices an artifact.
•  Each player sacrifices a creature.
•  Each player sacrifices a planeswalker.			normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEStunt Devil	BR	cube	Creature — Devil 	328	BR	B/R	B/R: Stunt Devil becomes a Devil Actor with base power and toughness 2/2.
B/RB/R: If Stunt Devil is an Actor, put a menace counter on it and it becomes a Devil Actor Assassin with base power and toughness 3/3.
B/RB/RB/RB/R: If Stunt Devil is an Assassin, put a +1/+1 counter on it, then it deals 2 damage to any target.	1/1		normal	ACE		REPLACEMESeasoned Sandshaper	BR	cube	Creature — Human Mercenary 	315	BR	2BR	When Seasoned Sandshaper enters, discard your hand, then draw two cards. For each card type among cards discarded this way, create a 1/1 red Sand creature token.
BR, Sacrifice another creature: Seasoned Sandshaper deals 2 damage to any target.	2/2		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMESwiftblade Ren	BR	cube	Legendary Creature — Human Warrior 	319	BR	1BR	First strike
Whenever Ren deals combat damage to a player, you may pay 3 life to activate one of her abilities without paying its costs.
1R, Discard a card: Draw a card.
2B, Sacrifice a creature: Each opponent sacrifices a creature.	3/2		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEBourasan Enforcer	RG	cube	Enchantment Creature — Rhino Warrior 	287	RG	3RG	You may play an additional land on each of your turns.
Landfall — Whenever a land enters under your control, Bourasan Enforcer deals 1 damage to any target. If this is the third time this ability has resolved this turn, exile the top three cards of your library. You may play them until the end of your next turn.	5/5		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMECurrent Pacer	RG	cube	Creature — Merfolk Scout 	288	RG	1RG	Wayfarer (If you’ve spent WUBRG this turn, discover L’Or.)
When Current Pacer enters, draw a card. You may play an additional land this turn.
4RG: Shuffle, then exile the top two cards of your library. You may play them this turn. If you’ve discovered L’Or, you may play them this turn without paying their mana costs.	3/2		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMERaze the Wealds	RG	cube	Sorcery	312	RG	3RG	Until end of turn, lands you control gain “Sacrifice this land: It deals 1 damage to any target. Search your library for a land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library.”			normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEHotfoot Stampede	RG	cube	Sorcery	299	RG	RG	Build-a-beast 3. (Put three listed counters on your Beast Mutant token. They can be the same. If you don’t control one, create a 0/0 green Beast Mutant token first.)
• +1/+1     • Haste			normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMESeek Heaven's Guidance	WG	cube	Kindred Sorcery — Angel Revelation 	316	WG	2GW	Reveal the top five cards of your library. Put up to two creature cards with total mana value 5 or less from among them onto the battlefield and the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.
Coalesce 5GW (You may cast this for 5GW from your graveyard. If you do, put it onto the battlefield as an Angel Horror creature. Exile it if it would leave the battlefield or not resolve.)
Flying, lifelink	4/4		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEDao Lu Travelers	WG	cube	Creature — Cat Dog Scout 	289	WG	GW	Abilities you activate that aren’t mana abilities cost 1 less to activate. This effect can’t reduce the mana in that cost to less than one mana.
1, T: Untap another target creature you control.	2/2		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEQuartermaster Gillo	WG	cube	Legendary Creature — Monkey Pirate 	311	WG	1GW	Spirited
3, T: Reveal the top three cards of your library. You may put a creature card with mana value 2 from among them onto the battlefield. It can’t block this turn. Put the rest on the bottom in any order.	1/1	First mate—Your starting deck contains at least ten creatures cards with mana value 2 and different names. (If this card outside the game is your chosen first mate, you may swap it with a card in your opening hand.)
Spirited
3, T: Reveal the top three cards of your library. You may put a creature card with mana value 2 from among them onto the battlefield. It can’t block this turn. Put the rest on the bottom in any order.	normal	ACE		REPLACEMEAutumn, Wildwood Queen	WG	cube	Legendary Planeswalker — Autumn 	286	WG	2GW			[+1]: Look at the top three cards of your library. You may reveal a permanent card with mana value 3 or less from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom in a random order.
[-2]: Exile target nonland permanent if its mana value is less than or equal to the total mana value of other permanents you control.
[-5]: You get an emblem with “Creatures you control get +3/+3 and have trample and vigilance.”	planeswalker	ACE	3	REPLACEMEJorah, Sinful Haruspex	WB	cube	Legendary Planeswalker — Jorah 	302	WB	1WB			[+1]: Create a 1/1 white Cleric creature token. You lose 1 life.
[0]: You get an emblem with “As long as you control an Angel creature or a Jorah planeswalker, you can’t lose the game and
your opponents can’t win the game.”
[-1]: Until your next turn, target nonland permanent loses all abilities and can’t attack or block.	planeswalker	ACE	3	REPLACEMEJorah, Eternal and Insatiable	WB	cube	Legendary Planeswalker — Jorah 	300	WB	2WB			[+1]: Until your next turn, up to one target creature you control gains lifelink, deathtouch, and vigilance.
[0]: Reveal the top two cards of your library. An opponent chooses one and loses life equal to its mana value. Put that card into your graveyard and the other into your hand.
[-2]: The next time you would create one or more creature tokens this turn, instead create that many 3/3 white and black Angel creature tokens with flying.	planeswalker	ACE	4	!eggprintREPLACEMEJorah, Grand Heathen	WB	cube	Legendary Planeswalker — Jorah 	301	WB	3WB			[+1]: Until your next turn, whenever target opponent casts a spell, that player loses 2 life and you gain 2 life.
[0]: Create a 3/3 white and black Angel creature token with flying. You lose 3 life.
[-2]: Exile target nonland permanent until Jorah leaves and you control no Angels.       	planeswalker	ACE	4	REPLACEMEWeight of Remorse	WB	cube	Enchantment — Aura 	325	WB	2WB	Machinate 2WB (You may cast this spell with no targets for its machinate cost. If you do, create a 1/1 Puppet, then attach this to it.)
Enchant creature you control
When Weight of Remorse enters, destroy all creatures other than enchanted creature.
Enchanted creature has “You can’t win the game and your opponents can’t lose the game.”			normal	ACE		!curtain
!eggprintREPLACEMEFeeding Frenzy	BG	cube	Sorcery	291	BG	1BG	Choose a mana value. Destroy all nonland permanents with the chosen mana value.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEMuck Trawling	BG	cube	Sorcery	307	BG	XBG	Target opponent discards X cards. Return up to one target card with mana value X or less from your graveyard to your hand. Exile Muck Trawling.			normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEHarrowing Revivalist	BG	cube	Creature — Human Cleric 	296	BG	3BG	When Harrowing Revivalist enters, create four 1/1 black Horror creature tokens.
At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice a creature.
Horrors you control get +1/+1.	1/1		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEPustulent Hydra	BG	cube	Creature — Demon Hydra 	310	BG	XXBG	Pustulent Hydra enters with X plus one +1/+1 counters on it.
Remove a +1/+1 counter from Pustulent Hydra: Target opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.
1, Sacrifice another creature: Put a +1/+1 counter on Pustulent Hydra.	0/0		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEWeave into the Fabric		cube	Sorcery	324	UG	1GU	Devoid (This card has no color.)
Gain control of target permanent with mana value 3 or less. Its controller may search their library for a basic land card, put that card onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle their library.			normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEGui, the Brinebearer	UG	cube	Legendary Creature — Turtle Beast 	294	UG	1GU	Golden age
Gui can’t attack or block unless you’re in a renaissance.
T: Reveal the top card of your library. If it’s a land card, put it onto the battlefield. Otherwise, put it back on top or into your graveyard and you gain 3 life.	5/6		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMETwist and Turn	UG	cube	Sorcery	322	UG	1GU	Choose one —
• Untap all lands you control.
• Tap all untapped lands target opponent controls. That player loses all unspent mana.
Entwine 2 (Choose both if you pay the entwine cost.)			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEMorass Vanquisher	UG	cube	Enchantment Creature — Crocodile Warrior 	306	UG	4GU	Whenever you cast a spell, choose one —
• Put a shield counter on target permanent without a shield counter on it.
• Draw a card.
• Create a 2/2 white Bird creature token with flying.	6/6		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEGiradrus, the Ashen Inferno	UR	cube	Legendary Creature — Dragon 	292	UR	5UR	Flying, haste
Whenever Giradrus attacks, draw a card, then you may put a creature card from your hand onto the battlefield tapped and attacking. Exile that creature at end of combat unless it’s a Dragon.	6/6		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEThe Grand Restabilizer	UR	cube	Legendary Artifact	293	UR	3UR	At the beginning of your end step, you get E for each tapped artifact you control.
T, Discard a card: Look at the top three cards of your library. Put one of them into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.
T, Pay EEEEEEEE: You may cast a spell from your hand without paying its mana cost. When you do, copy it, except the copy isn’t legendary. You may choose new targets for the copy.			normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEMegalodon	UR	cube	Legendary Creature — Elder Shark 	305	UR	15UR	Onslaught, delve (This spell costs 1 less to cast for each life your opponents have lost this turn. Each card you exile from your graveyard while casting this spell pays for 1.)
Haste, slipstream (This can’t be blocked as long as only creatures with slipstream are attacking.)
You may cast instant and/or sorcery cards exiled with Megalodon.	4/4		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEDross Incubator		cube	Creature — Eldrazi Drone 	290	UR	2UR	Devoid (This card has no color.)
Whenever you cast an instant, sorcery, or colorless spell, create a 0/1 colorless Eldrazi Spawn creature token with “Sacrifice this creature: Add C.” Then if it’s the third spell you’ve cast this turn, creatures you control get +2/+1 and gain haste until end of turn.	3/3		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEHarriet of the Sun Fleet	WR	cube	Legendary Creature — Human Pirate 	295	WR	2RW	At the beginning of combat on your turn, you may put an artifact card with mana value 5 or less from your hand onto the battlefield. If it’s a Vehicle, it gains haste. At the beginning of the next end step, put that card on the bottom of your library. If you do, draw a card.	3/4	First mate—Your starting deck contains an artifact card with each mana value among 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5. (If this card outside the game is your chosen first mate, you may swap it with a card in your opening hand.)
At the beginning of combat on your turn, you may put an artifact card with mana value 5 or less from your hand onto the battlefield. If it’s a Vehicle, it gains haste. At the beginning of the next end step, put that card on the bottom of your library. If you do, draw a card.	normal	ACE		REPLACEMESeto San, Divine Heroine	WR	cube	Legendary Planeswalker — Seto 	317	WR	4RW			[+1]: Create three 1/1 white Warrior creature tokens. They gain haste.
[0]: Until end of turn, each creature and planeswalker you control becomes a 3/3 Warrior creature and gains indestructible.
[-2]: Choose tapped or untapped. Seto San deals 3 damage to each creature with the chosen attribute.	planeswalker	ACE	4	REPLACEMEWhirlwind Cavalry	WR	cube	Creature — Human Knight 	329	WR	1RR/WW	Haste, agile (This creature deals combat damage first while it’s attacking.)
When Whirlwind Cavalry enters, untap target creature you control. After this phase, there is an additional combat phase, followed by an additional main phase.	4/1		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEWarp-Space Wanderer	WR	cube	Creature — Human Pilot 	323	WR	3RW	When Warp-Space Wanderer enters, create a 3/3 colorless Vehicle artifact token with flying and crew 1.
Whenever a Vehicle crewed by Warp-Space Wanderer this turn deals combat damage to a player, transmogrify Warp-Space Wanderer. (Exile it, then conjure a random card with the same type and cost to the battlefield.)	3/2		normal	ACE		https://scryfall.com/random?q=mana%213RW+t%3Acreature
!eggprintREPLACEMESkyline Leveler	WUR	cube	Artifact — Vehicle 	318	WUR	9URW	Vigilance, menace, lifelink
When Skyline Leveler dies, create a 3/3 blue Pilot creature token with vigilance, a 3/3 red Pilot creature token with menace, a 3/3 white Pilot creature token with lifelink, and a 3/3 colorless Construct artifact creature token.
Crew 3	12/12		normal	ACE		REPLACEMESylvan Hostilities	WBG	cube	Sorcery	320	WBG	2WBG	Destroy up to three target permanents of different card types.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEArietta, Forsworn	WBR	cube	Legendary Planeswalker — Arietta 	285	WBR	2RWB			At the beginning of each end step, if Arietta has exactly one loyalty counter on her, exile her, then return her to the battlefield transformed.
[+1]: Gain control of up to one target creature until end of turn. Untap it. It gains haste and lifelink until end of turn.
[-3]: Create a 5/5 black Horror creature token and a colorless Equipment artifact token named Mortal Shackles with “Equipped creature gets -3/-3” and equip 2 attached to it.
[-8]: Destroy all other permanents.	transform double faced	ACE	5	She Who the Blood Forsook	WBR	Legendary Planeswalker	WBR				
	3	REPLACEMEYonderspeaker	UBG	cube	Creature — Sphinx 	326	UBG	BGU	Flying
Whenever Yonderspeaker attacks, choose a nonland card name, then mill three cards. You may put a card with the chosen name from among the cards milled this way into your hand.	3/3		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEAether Implosion	URG	cube	Sorcery	283	WUBRG	GUR	Add WWUUBBRRGG. Aether Implosion deals 10 damage to you.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEHeliconfluence	WUBRG	cube	Sorcery	297	WUBRG	WUBRG	Heliconfluence deals 5 damage to target creature, planeswalker, or opponent. When a permanent dealt damage by Heliconfluence this turn dies, create a 5/5 Elemental creature token with flying, first strike, vigilance, trample, and lifelink that’s all colors.
Overload WWUUBBRRGG (You may cast this spell for its overload cost. If you do, change “target” in its text to “each.”)			normal	ACE		REPLACEMESculptor of Wonders	WUBRG	cube	Creature — Giant Artificer 	314	WUBRG	2WUBRG	Vigilance, trample, reach
When Sculptor of Wonders enters, reveal the top seven cards of your library. For each color, you may choose a card of that color from among them. Put the chosen cards into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.	7/7		normal	ACE		REPLACEMERadiant Pearl		cube	Artifact	363	W	0	Radiant Pearl enters tapped.
T: Add W.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMERadiant Sapphire		cube	Artifact	365	U	0	Radiant Sapphire enters tapped.
T: Add U.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMERadiant Jet		cube	Artifact	362	B	0	Radiant Jet enters tapped.
T: Add B.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMERadiant Ruby		cube	Artifact	364	R	0	Radiant Ruby enters tapped.
T: Add R.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMERadiant Emerald		cube	Artifact	361	G	0	Radiant Emerald enters tapped.
T: Add G.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEEmpyrean Castle		cube	Artifact	343	WU	3	This spell costs 1 less to cast if you control a Plains or an Island.
T: Add W or U.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEInundated Castle		cube	Artifact	350	UB	3	This spell costs 1 less to cast if you control an Island or a Swamp.
T: Add U or B.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEAccursed Castle		cube	Artifact	330	BR	3	This spell costs 1 less to cast if you control a Swamp or a Mountain.
T: Add B or R.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMELavish Castle		cube	Artifact	352	RG	3	This spell costs 1 less to cast if you control a Mountain or a Forest.
T: Add R or G.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEThronged Castle		cube	Artifact	379	WG	3	This spell costs 1 less to cast if you control a Forest or a Plains.
T: Add G or W.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMESacrosanct Castle		cube	Artifact	369	WB	3	This spell costs 1 less to cast if you control a Plains or a Swamp.
T: Add W or B.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEMephitic Castle		cube	Artifact	355	BG	3	This spell costs 1 less to cast if you control a Swamp or a Forest.
T: Add B or G.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMERiverine Castle		cube	Artifact	367	UG	3	This spell costs 1 less to cast if you control a Forest or an Island.
T: Add G or U.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMESummit Castle		cube	Artifact	376	UR	3	This spell costs 1 less to cast if you control an Island or a Mountain.
T: Add U or R.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMECloistered Castle		cube	Artifact	337	WR	3	This spell costs 1 less to cast if you control a Mountain or a Plains.
T: Add R or W.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEMox Moonstone		cube	Artifact	359	C	0	T: Add C.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMERinging Beacon		cube	Artifact	366	C	2	T: Add CC. Ringing Beacon doesn’t untap during your next untap step.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEBlood Lord's Altar		cube	Artifact	334	C	4	T: Each player who controls three or more permanents sacrifices a permanent.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEFrostwatch Workshop		cube	Artifact	345	C	5	Spirited (When this enters, you may activate one of its activated abilities without paying its cost.)
2, T, Sacrifice another artifact: Create a 0/0 colorless Construct artifact creature token with “This creature gets +1/+1 for each artifact you control.”			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEMonument to the Fallen Man		cube	Artifact	356	C	2	T: You may put a creature card with mana value 2 from your hand onto the battlefield.			normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEVolatile Stonework		cube	Artifact Creature — Construct 	382	C	1	Haste
When Volatile Stonework enters, choose target creature or planeswalker an opponent controls.
When Volatile Stonework dies, it deals 4 damage to the chosen creature or planeswalker.	1/1		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEBrig of the Damned		cube	Artifact — Vehicle 	335	C	4	Deathtouch
When Brig of the Damned enters, return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand. If that card’s mana value is 2, you may return it to the battlefield instead.
Crew 2	4/4		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEGhastly Ferry		cube	Artifact — Vehicle 	346	C	3	When Ghastly Ferry enters, create a 1/1 white Spirit creature token with flying.
Ghastly Ferry can’t be blocked except by Spirits.
Crew 1	4/4		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMELifecraft Key		cube	Artifact	353	C	1	1, T: Untap target artifact or land.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEGodhold Prism		cube	Artifact	347	WUBRG	2	Godhold Prism enters tapped and doesn’t untap during your untap step.
T: Add WUBRG.
5: Untap Godhold Prism.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMESol Lotus		cube	Artifact	373	C	0	T, Sacrifice Sol Lotus: Add CC.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEAstral Mox		cube	Artifact	332	C	0	As Astral Mox enters, you may exile an artifact card from your hand.
T: Add one mana of any color. Activate only if there is a card exiled with Astral Mox.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEEffigy of the Vile One		cube	Artifact Creature — Snake Puppet 	342	C	9	Deathtouch, indestructible
Whenever Effigy of the Vile One deals combat damage to a player, that player loses the game.	1/9		normal	ACE		REPLACEMETemple Excavator		cube	Artifact Creature — Golem 	378	C	5	When Temple Excavator enters, create a Treasure token.
Tap an untapped artifact you control: Add C.
Tap three untapped artifacts you control: Draw a card.	3/5		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEThe Mortality Anchor		cube	Legendary Artifact — Vehicle 	357	C	5	Vigilance
When The Mortality Anchor leaves, if it attacked or blocked this turn, create G’thol, a 20/20 colorless legendary God creature token with menace and shroud.
Crew 2	8/2		normal	ACE		REPLACEMESynthetic Lotus		cube	Artifact	377	C	0	T, Sacrifice Synthetic Lotus: Add three mana of any one color. You can’t spend this mana to cast spells.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMERudlington's Tinkerwork		cube	Artifact	368	C	1	1, T: Add one mana of any color.
T, Sacrifice Rudlington’s Tinkerwork: Draw a card.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEOcular Parasite		cube	Artifact Creature — Construct 	360	C	1	Flying
When Ocular Parasite enters, look at target opponent’s hand.
Whenever Ocular Parasite deals combat damage to a player, choose a card name. That player can’t cast spells with the chosen name during their next turn.	1/1		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEIronhide Processional		cube	Kindred Artifact — Rebel Vehicle 	351	C	2	Whenever Ironhide Processional attacks, if Ironhide Processional was crewed by creatures with 3 or more total power this turn, defending player loses 3 life unless they sacrifice a nonland permanent or discard a card.
Crew 1	3/3		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMETimeless Watchers		cube	Artifact Creature — Sand Construct 	380	C	6	Vigilance
If a source would deal damage to you, that source deals 1 damage instead.
If you would lose life, you lose 1 life instead.	6/6		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEThe Good Book of Jorah		cube	Legendary Artifact	348	C	4	At the beginning of your end step, look at the top card of your library. If it’s a nonland card with mana value less than or equal to your influence, you may cast it without paying its mana cost. Otherwise, put it into your hand and you get V (an influence counter).			normal	ACE		REPLACEMESteelwork Hydra		cube	Artifact Creature — Hydra 	374	C	X	Trample
Steelwork Hydra enters with X +1/+1 counters on it.
Whenever Steelwork Hydra becomes the target of an instant or sorcery spell, remove two +1/+1 counters from it and counter that spell.	0/0		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEMox Beetle		cube	Artifact Creature — Insect 	358	C	0	1, T: Add one mana of any color.
Concord — T: Add one mana of any color. Activate only if there are four or more card types among permanents you control.	1/1		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEHarvesting Titan		cube	Artifact Creature — Golem 	349	C	10	Indestructible
When Harvesting Titan enters, choose a permanent of each noncreature permanent type, then destroy those permanents.	10/10		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEDivine Lotus		cube	Artifact	338	C	4	Divine Lotus enters tapped. As it does, choose a color.
T: Add three mana of the chosen color.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMESlaughterkeg		cube	Artifact Creature — Construct 	372	C	2	Slaughterkeg can’t attack or block.
While an opponent is choosing targets as part of casting a spell or activating an ability they control, that player must choose at least Slaughterkeg if able.
When Slaughterkeg dies, draw a card.	0/3		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEThe Veil Betwixt		cube	Legendary Artifact	381	C	6	Creatures you control get +1/+1.
Whenever a nontoken creature you control dies, create a token that’s a copy of it, except it has decayed.
Whenever a token creature you control dies, draw a card.			normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEDominomicon Abridged		cube	Legendary Artifact	340	C	5	Spirited
Dominomicon Abridged enters tapped.
T, Sacrifice a land: Discover 4. Activate only as as sorcery. (Exile cards from the top of your library until you exile a nonland card with mana value 4 or less. Cast it without paying its mana cost or put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom in a random order.)			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEDraco Ligneus		cube	Legendary Artifact — Vehicle 	341	C	5	Flying
When Draco Ligneus enters or attacks, exile the top card of your library. You may cast that card. When you don’t, Draco Ligneus deals 3 damage to up to one target creature, planeswalker, or battle.
Crew 3	5/5		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMESheoldred's Bloodhall		cube	Artifact	371	C	8	At the beginning of your upkeep, return target creature card from a graveyard to the battlefield. You gain 2 life.
At the beginning of each opponent’s upkeep, that player sacrifices a creature and loses 2 life.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEBygone Mariner		cube	Artifact — Vehicle 	336	C	3	When Bygone Mariner enters, draw two cards, then discard three cards.
5: Exile target creature card from your graveyard. Create a token that’s a copy of that card except it has decayed and “Tap this creature: Target artifact you control named Bygone Mariner becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.”	8/8		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEFishing Docks		cube	Artifact	344	C	1	1, T: Create a 0/1 blue Fish creature token.
T, Sacrifice a Fish: Create a Food token.
T, Sacrifice a Food: Create a Treasure token and draw a card.			normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEDjitu's Lithified Mantle		cube	Legendary Artifact — Equipment 	339	C	1	Whenever equipped creature attacks, if you don’t control a creature named Jwanga Djitu, create Jwanga Djitu, a legendary 10/10 colorless Sand Construct artifact creature token with indestructible that’s tapped and attacking.
Equip 10			normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEXueyang San		cube	Legendary Artifact — Equipment 	383	C	1	Equipped creature gets +1/-1 and has “When this creature dies, put a fate counter on Xueyang San.”
1, Remove a fate counter from Xueyang San: Choose one —
• Draw a card.
• Xueyang San deals 2 damage to any target and you gain 2 life.
Equip 1			normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMESentinels of Canica Strait		cube	Artifact	370	C	2	Sentinels of Canica Strait enters with three marble counters on it.
2, T, Remove a marble counter from Sentinels of Canica Strait: Draw a card.
3, T, Sacrifice Sentinels of Canica Strait: Create two 3/3 colorless Warrior artifact creature tokens. Activate only if Sentinels of Canica Strait has no marble counters on it.			normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMELifelight Reaper		cube	Artifact Creature — Scarecrow 	354	C	2	As Lifelight Reaper enters, choose a noncreature card name.
Activated abilities of sources with the chosen name can’t be activated unless they’re mana abilities.	2/1		normal	ACE		REPLACEMESteelworker		cube	Artifact Creature — Golem 	375	C	3	T: Add CCC. Spend this mana to cast artifact spells or activate abilities of artifacts.	1/3		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEAutodendrologist		cube	Artifact Creature — Golem 	333	C	4	When Autodendrologist enters, search your library for a land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.
Wanderlust — 7: Shuffle your library, then exile cards from the top of your library until you exile a nonland card. You may cast it without paying its mana cost. Activate only if you control four or more differently named lands.	4/3		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEArgent Sky Station		cube	Artifact Creature — Thopter 	331	C	8	Flying
When Argent Sky Station enters, create four 1/1 colorless Thopter artifact creature tokens with flying.
Whenever Argent Sky Station or another Thopter you control attacks, it deals 1 damage to defending player.	4/4		normal	ACE		REPLACEMEGiant Squid		cube	Creature — Squid 	2	C	10	Shroud
Whenever Giant Squid enters or attacks, choose two target permanents an opponent controls. They put one of them on top of their library and the other on the bottom.
If Giant Squid would be put into your graveyard from anywhere, reveal it and put it on the bottom of your library instead.	9/9		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMEAzumoth, the Fated Ruin		cube	Legendary Creature — Eldrazi 	1	C	14	When you cast Azumoth, gain control of target player until the end of their next main phase.
Indestructible
Whenever Azumoth enters or attacks, each opponent exiles two permanents they control with different mana values.
If Azumoth would be put into a graveyard from anywhere, reveal Azumoth and shuffle it into its owner’s library instead.	14/14		normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMECoastal Chateau		cube	Land	388	C		Coastal Chateau enters tapped unless you control a basic land.
T, Sacrifice Coastal Chateau: Search your library for a Plains or Island card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEMud Pits		cube	Land	418	C		Mud Pits enters tapped unless you control a basic land.
T, Sacrifice Mud Pits: Search your library for an Island or Swamp card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMECrackling Chasm		cube	Land	390	C		Crackling Chasm enters tapped unless you control a basic land.
T, Sacrifice Crackling Chasm: Search your library for a Swamp or Mountain card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEAspen Grove		cube	Land	385	C		Aspen Grove enters tapped unless you control a basic land.
T, Sacrifice Aspen Grove: Search your library for a Mountain or Forest card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEHumble Settlement		cube	Land	409	C		Humble Settlement enters tapped unless you control a basic land.
T, Sacrifice Humble Settlement: Search your library for a Forest or Plains card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEForgotten Lands		cube	Land	401	C		Forgotten Lands enters tapped unless you control a basic land.
T, Sacrifice Forgotten Lands: Search your library for a Plains or Swamp card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEBrackish Stronghold		cube	Land	387	C		Brackish Stronghold enters tapped unless you control a basic land.
T, Sacrifice Brackish Stronghold: Search your library for a Swamp or Forest card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEPrimeval Falls		cube	Land	426	C		Primeval Falls enters tapped unless you control a basic land.
T, Sacrifice Primeval Falls: Search your library for a Forest or Island card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMETorrid Geyser		cube	Land	440	C		Torrid Geyser enters tapped unless you control a basic land.
T, Sacrifice Torrid Geyser: Search your library for an Island or Mountain card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEPainted Crags		cube	Land	423	C		Painted Crags enters tapped unless you control a basic land.
T, Sacrifice Painted Crags: Search your library for a Mountain or Plains card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEHalcyon Shores		cube	Land — Plains Island 	406	C		(T: Add W or U.)
When Halcyon Shores enters, you lose 1 life.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMESodden Cavern		cube	Land — Island Swamp 	436	C		(T: Add U or B.)
When Sodden Cavern enters, you lose 1 life.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMECrystal Pinnacle		cube	Land — Swamp Mountain 	391	C		(T: Add B or R.)
When Crystal Pinnacle enters, you lose 1 life.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMERugged Brake		cube	Land — Mountain Forest 	433	C		(T: Add R or G.)
When Rugged Brake enters, you lose 1 life.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEVast Wildlands		cube	Land — Forest Plains 	446	C		(T: Add G or W.)
When Vast Wildlands enters you lose 1 life.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEFallow Expanse		cube	Land — Plains Swamp 	399	C		(T: Add W or B.)
When Fallow Expanse enters, you lose 1 life.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEDense Everglade		cube	Land — Swamp Forest 	392	C		(T: Add B or G.)
When Dense Everglade enters, you lose 1 life.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEProsperous Jungle		cube	Land — Forest Island 	428	C		(T: Add G or U.)
When Prosperous Jungle enters, you lose 1 life.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEIgneous Coast		cube	Land — Island Mountain 	411	C		(T: Add U or R.)
When Igneous Coast enters, you lose 1 life.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEFirefern Cradle		cube	Land — Mountain Plains 	400	C		(T: Add R or W.)
When Firefern Cradle enters the battlefield, you lose 1 life.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEIssbarren Highlands		cube	Legendary Land — Plains Island 	412	C					normal	ACE		REPLACEMEMapango Cavern		cube	Legendary Land — Island Swamp 	416	C					normal	ACE		REPLACEMEThe Lost Lands		cube	Legendary Land — Swamp Mountain 	414	C					normal	ACE		REPLACEMEGlyris Grove		cube	Legendary Land — Mountain Forest 	403	C					normal	ACE		REPLACEMEMekini Prairie		cube	Legendary Land — Forest Plains 	417	C					normal	ACE		REPLACEMEPalaces at Al-Araz		cube	Legendary Land — Plains Swamp 	424	C					normal	ACE		REPLACEMEOlde Bwawa		cube	Legendary Land — Swamp Forest 	421	C					normal	ACE		REPLACEMEGreensea Cove		cube	Legendary Land — Forest Island 	404	C					normal	ACE		REPLACEMEThunderberg		cube	Legendary Land — Island Mountain 	438	C					normal	ACE		REPLACEMEOuter Omrol		cube	Legendary Land — Mountain Plains 	422	C					normal	ACE		REPLACEMEFrigid Grave		cube	Land — Desert 	402	WU		If you control a land, Frigid Grave enters tapped.
T: Add C.
T, Pay 1 life: Add W or U.
2WU: Until end of turn, Frigid Grave becomes a 2/4 Sand land creature. Whenever it attacks this turn, target creature you control gains flying until end of turn.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEEerie Grave		cube	Land — Desert 	395	UB		If you control a land, Eerie Grave enters tapped.
T: Add C.
T, Pay 1 life: Add U or B.
1UB: Until end of turn, Eerie Grave becomes a 2/3 Sand land creature with menace. Whenever it attacks this turn, surveil 1.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEDreadful Grave		cube	Land — Desert 	394	BR		If you control a land, Dreadful Grave enters tapped.
T: Add C.
T, Pay 1 life: Add B or R.
1BR: Until end of turn, Dreadful Grave becomes a 3/2 Sand land creature. Whenever it attacks this turn, forebode. (Create a tapped colorless Omen artifact token with “T, Discard a card, Sacrifice this: Draw a card.”)			normal	ACE		REPLACEMETusked Grave		cube	Land — Desert 	442	RG		If you control a land, Tusked Grave enters tapped.
T: Add C.
T, Pay 1 life: Add R or G.
3RG: Until end of turn, Tusked Grave becomes a 5/4 Sand land creature with trample. Whenever it attacks this turn, target creature defending player controls can’t block this turn.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEResplendent Grave		cube	Land — Desert 	432	WG		If you control a land, Resplendent Grave enters tapped.
T: Add C.
T, Pay 1 life: Add G or W.
3GW: Until end of turn, Resplendent Grave becomes a 4/4 Sand land creature with vigilance. Whenever it attacks this turn, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMERasping Grave		cube	Land — Desert 	430	WB		If you control a land, Rasping Grave enters tapped.
T: Add C.
T, Pay 1 life: Add W or B.
2WB: Until end of turn, Rasping Grave becomes a 3/4 Sand land creature with lifelink. Whenever it attacks this turn, you may sacrifice a nonland permanent. If you do, draw a card.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMENoxious Grave		cube	Land — Desert 	420	BG		If you control a land, Noxious Grave enters tapped.
T: Add C.
T, Pay 1 life: Add B or G.
BG: Until end of turn, Noxious Grave becomes a 2/2 Sand land creature. Whenever it attacks this turn, target creature you control gains deathtouch until end of turn.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEIchthyic Grave		cube	Land — Desert 	410	UG		If you control a land, Ichthyic Grave enters tapped.
T: Add C.
T, Pay 1 life: Add G or U.
1GU: Until end of turn, Ichthyic Grave becomes a 3/3 Sand land creature. Whenever it attacks this turn, choose up to three cards in graveyards. Their owners shuffles those cards into their libraries.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEExotic Grave		cube	Land — Desert 	398	UR		If you control a land, Exotic Grave enters tapped.
T: Add C.
T, Pay 1 life: Add U or R.
2UR: Until end of turn, Exotic Grave becomes a 1/4 Sand land creature that can’t be blocked. Whenever it attacks this turn, create a tapped Treasure token.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEValiant Grave		cube	Land — Desert 	445	WR		If you control a land, Valiant Grave enters tapped.
T: Add C.
T, Pay 1 life: Add R or W.
1RW: Until end of turn, Valiant Grave becomes a 2/1 Sand land creature with first strike. Whenever it attacks this turn, creatures you control get +1/+0 until end of turn.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMECoastal Dominion		cube	Land — Plains Island Swamp 	389	C		(T: Add W, U, or B.)
Coastal Dominion enters tapped.			normal	ACE		f!reprintREPLACEMEBleak Dominion		cube	Land — Island Swamp Mountain 	386	C		(T: Add U, B, or R.)
Bleak Dominion enters tapped.			normal	ACE		f!reprintREPLACEMEPrimal Dominion		cube	Land — Swamp Mountain Forest 	425	C		(T: Add B, R, or G.)
Primal Dominion enters tapped.			normal	ACE		f!reprintREPLACEMERugged Dominion		cube	Land — Mountain Forest Plains 	434	C		(T: Add R, G, or W.)
Rugged Dominion enters tapped.			normal	ACE		f!reprintREPLACEMEStalwart Dominion		cube	Land — Forest Plains Island 	437	C		(T: Add G, W, or U.)
Stalwart Dominion enters tapped.			normal	ACE		f!reprintREPLACEMEMajestic Dominion		cube	Land — Plains Swamp Forest 	415	C		(T: Add W, B, or G.)
Majestic Dominion enters tapped.			normal	ACE		f!reprintREPLACEMEAncient Dominion		cube	Land — Island Mountain Plains 	384	C		(T: Add U, R, or W.)
Ancient Dominion enters tapped.			normal	ACE		f!reprintREPLACEMEVerdant Dominion		cube	Land — Swamp Forest Island 	447	C		(T: Add B, G, or U.)
Verdant Dominion enters tapped.			normal	ACE		f!reprintREPLACEMEDesolate Dominion		cube	Land — Mountain Plains Swamp 	393	C		(T: Add R, W, or B.)
Desolate Dominion enters tapped.			normal	ACE		f!reprintREPLACEMEPristine Dominion		cube	Land — Forest Island Mountain 	427	C		(T: Add G, U, or R.)
Pristine Dominion enters tapped.			normal	ACE		f!reprintREPLACEMEWindswept Palace		cube	Land	449	W		T: Add C.
T: Add WW. Spend this mana only to cast creature spells with mana value 2.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEHeadmaster's Quarters		cube	Land	408	U		Headmaster’s Quarters enters tapped. When it does, look at the top three cards of your library and exile one face down, then put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.
T: Add U.
U, T: You may cast the exiled card without paying its mana cost. Activate only if a graveyard has ten or more cards in it.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMERavael's Mausoleum		cube	Legendary Land	431	B		T: Add B.
Channel — 1B, Discard Ravael’s Mausoleum: Return target creature card with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield. It can’t block this turn.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMESierra Foundry		cube	Land	435	R		T: Add R. Activate only if you control an artifact.
T: Add CCC. Activate only if you control three or more artifacts.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEThe Everwood		cube	Land — Forest 	397	G		(T: Add G.)
The Everwood enters tapped unless you control a basic Forest.
2, T: Add G for each Forest you control.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEThe Multiverse Nexus		cube	Legendary Land	419	C		T: Add three mana of any one color. Spend this mana only to cast planeswalker spells.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEHalls of Aldmore		cube	Land	407	C		T: Add C.
Wanderlust — T: Add one mana of any color. Activate only if you control four or more differently named lands.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMETorrid Divide		cube	Land — Desert 	439	C		T: Add C.
T, Sacrifice Torrid Divide: Destroy target nonbasic land. You and that land’s controller each create a colorless Desert land token with
“T: Add C.”			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEWrithing Temple		cube	Land	450	C		T: Add CC. Writhing Temple doesn’t untap during your next untap step.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEUrza's Lair		cube	Land — Urza’s Lair 	444	C		Whenever you cast an artifact spell, put a charge counter on Urza’s Lair.
T: Add C.
2, T, Remove two charge counters from Urza’s Lair: Create a 0/0 colorless Construct artifact creature token with “This creature gets +1/+1 for each artifact you control.”			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEElephant Boneyard		cube	Land	396	C		T: Add C.
Whenever a creature you control dies, put a bone counter on Elephant Boneyard.
T, Remove ten bone counters from Elephant Boneyard: Create three 5/5 green Elephant creature tokens with trample. Sacrifice Elephant Boneyard.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEWarped Wilds		cube	Land — Desert 	448	C		T: Add C.
1: Warped Wilds becomes a 1/1 Sand creature until end of turn. It’s still a land.			adventure	ACE		Distortion		Sorcery — Tale 	C	6	Put three +1/+1 counters on target permanent you control.				!eggprintREPLACEMETwister Country		cube	Land	443	C		T: Add C.
Wanderlust — T, Sacrifice Twister Country: Destroy target land. Activate only if you control four or more differently named lands.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEThe Issbarrens		cube	Legendary Land	413	C		T: Add C.
2, T: Prevent all combat damage target creature would deal this turn.			normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMETreasure Cove		cube	Land	441	C		T: Add C.
T: Add one mana of any type an artifact you control could produce.			normal	ACE		!eggprintREPLACEMERainbow Ridge		cube	Land	429	WUBRG		Rainbow Ridge enters tapped.
T: Add one mana of any color a basic land you control could produce.
Whenever a basic land enters under your control, if other basic lands you control could produce WUBRG, Rainbow Ridge deals 3 damage to any target and you gain 3 life.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEGuildhall of Initiates		cube	Land	405	C		T: Add C.
1, T: Guildhall of Initiates becomes a copy of target permanent you control with mana value 1 and gains this ability.			normal	ACE		REPLACEMEPath of the Angel		cube	Token — Dungeon	5	C		Search your library for a basic Plains card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.			token	ACE		REPLACEMEPath of the Sphinx		cube	Token — Dungeon	9	C		Search your library for a basic Island card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.			token	ACE		REPLACEMEPath of the Demon		cube	Token — Dungeon	6	C		Search your library for a basic Swamp card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.			token	ACE		REPLACEMEPath of the Dragon		cube	Token — Dungeon	7	C		Search your library for a basic Mountain card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.			token	ACE		REPLACEMEPath of the Hydra		cube	Token — Dungeon	8	C		Search your library for a basic Forest card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.			token	ACE		REPLACEMEPlains		cube	Basic Land — Plains 	451	C					normal	ACE		REPLACEMEPlains		cube	Basic Land — Plains 	452	C					normal	ACE		REPLACEMEPlains		cube	Basic Land — Plains 	453	C					normal	ACE		REPLACEMEIsland		cube	Basic Land — Island 	454	C					normal	ACE		REPLACEMEIsland		cube	Basic Land — Island 	455	C					normal	ACE		REPLACEMEIsland		cube	Basic Land — Island 	456	C					normal	ACE		REPLACEMESwamp		cube	Basic Land — Swamp 	457	C					normal	ACE		REPLACEMESwamp		cube	Basic Land — Swamp 	458	C					normal	ACE		REPLACEMESwamp		cube	Basic Land — Swamp 	459	C					normal	ACE		REPLACEMEMountain		cube	Basic Land — Mountain 	460	C					normal	ACE		REPLACEMEMountain		cube	Basic Land — Mountain 	461	C					normal	ACE		REPLACEMEMountain		cube	Basic Land — Mountain 	462	C					normal	ACE		REPLACEMEForest		cube	Basic Land — Forest 	463	C					normal	ACE		REPLACEMEForest		cube	Basic Land — Forest 	464	C					normal	ACE		REPLACEMEForest		cube	Basic Land — Forest 	465	C					normal	ACE		REPLACEMEBird	W	cube	Token Creature — Bird 	12	W		Flying	2/2		token	ACE		REPLACEMECleric	W	cube	Token Creature — Cleric 	13	W			1/1		token	ACE		REPLACEMEEgg	W	cube	Token Creature — Egg 	16	W			0/1		token	ACE		REPLACEMEGnome	W	cube	Token Creature — Gnome 	17	W			1/1		token	ACE		REPLACEMEKnight	W	cube	Token Creature — Knight 	18	W		Vigilance	2/2		token	ACE		REPLACEMEPilot	W	cube	Token Creature — Pilot 	19	W		Lifelink	3/3		token	ACE		REPLACEMEPirate	W	cube	Token Creature — Pirate 	20	W		This creature crews Vehicles as though its power were 2 greater.	1/1		token	ACE		REPLACEMESpirit	W	cube	Token Creature — Spirit 	21	W		Flying	1/1		token	ACE		REPLACEMEWarrior	W	cube	Token Creature — Warrior 	22	W			1/1		token	ACE		REPLACEMECover-Up	W	cube	Token Enchantment	14	W		When this enchantment enters, exile target creature an opponent controls until this enchantment leaves.			token	ACE		REPLACEMEDrake	U	cube	Token Creature — Drake 	24	U		Flying	2/2		token	ACE		REPLACEMEFish	U	cube	Token Creature — Fish 	26	U			0/1		token	ACE		REPLACEMEKraken	U	cube	Token Creature — Kraken 	27	U			8/8		token	ACE		REPLACEMEPilot	U	cube	Token Creature — Pilot 	28	U		Vigilance	3/3		token	ACE		REPLACEMEDemon	B	cube	Token Creature — Demon 	30	B			5/5		token	ACE		REPLACEMEHorror	B	cube	Token Creature — Horror 	32	B			1/1		token	ACE		REPLACEMEHorror	B	cube	Token Creature — Horror 	31	B			5/5		token	ACE		REPLACEMERat	B	cube	Token Creature — Rat 	33	B		This creature can’t block.	1/1		token	ACE		REPLACEMEShade	B	cube	Token Creature — Shade 	34	B		This creature gets +1/+1 for each creature card in your graveyard.	0/0		token	ACE		REPLACEMESnake	B	cube	Token Creature — Snake 	35	B			3/2		token	ACE		REPLACEMEZombie	B	cube	Token Creature — Zombie 	36	B		Decayed (This creature can’t block. When it attacks, sacrifice it at end of combat.)	2/2		token	ACE		REPLACEMECat	R	cube	Token Creature — Cat 	37	R		First strike	2/2		token	ACE		REPLACEMEDragon	R	cube	Token Creature — Dragon 	39	R		Flying	4/4		token	ACE		REPLACEMEElemental	R	cube	Token Creature — Elemental 	40	R		Haste	3/1		token	ACE		REPLACEMEPilot	R	cube	Token Creature — Pilot 	41	R		Menace	3/3		token	ACE		REPLACEMESand	R	cube	Token Creature — Sand 	42	R			1/1		token	ACE		REPLACEMEBeast Mutant	G	cube	Token Creature — Beast Mutant 	44	G			0/0		token	ACE		REPLACEMEElemental	G	cube	Token Creature — Elemental 	46	G			8/8		token	ACE		REPLACEMEElephant	G	cube	Token Creature — Elephant 	47	G		Trample	5/5		token	ACE		REPLACEMEHydra	G	cube	Token Creature — Hydra 	48	G			0/0		token	ACE		REPLACEMESeal	G	cube	Token Creature — Seal 	49	G			3/2		token	ACE		REPLACEMEAlas-Wali	G	cube	Legendary Token Creature — Avatar 	43	G		Trample, indestructible	20/20		token	ACE		REPLACEMEShimaru the Unfading	G	cube	Legendary Token Creature — Wolf Spirit 	51	G		Trample	4/4		token	ACE		REPLACEMESeal of Myrmidon	G	cube	Token Enchantment — Aura 	50	G		Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 and has hexproof.			token	ACE		REPLACEMEAngel	WB	cube	Token Creature — Angel 	53	WB		Flying	3/3		token	ACE		REPLACEMESand Shark	UR	cube	Token Creature — Sand Shark 	55	UR		Prowess	4/3		token	ACE		REPLACEMEFox	WR	cube	Token Creature — Fox 	54	WR			2/1		token	ACE		REPLACEMEElemental		cube	Token Creature — Elemental 	52	C		Flying, first strike, vigilance, trample, lifelink	5/5		token	ACE		REPLACEMECultist	W	cube	Token Creature — Cultist 	15	W			1/1		token	ACE		REPLACEMECultist	U	cube	Token Creature — Cultist 	23	U			1/1		token	ACE		REPLACEMECultist	B	cube	Token Creature — Cultist 	29	B			1/1		token	ACE		REPLACEMECultist	R	cube	Token Creature — Cultist 	38	R			1/1		token	ACE		REPLACEMECultist	G	cube	Token Creature — Cultist 	45	G			1/1		token	ACE		REPLACEMEConstruct		cube	Token Artifact Creature — Construct 	57	C		This creature gets +1/+1 for each artifact you control.	0/0		token	ACE		REPLACEMEConstruct		cube	Token Artifact Creature — Construct 	58	C			1/1		token	ACE		REPLACEMEConstruct		cube	Token Artifact Creature — Construct 	59	C			3/3		token	ACE		REPLACEMEDrake Construct	U	cube	Token Artifact Creature — Drake Construct 	25	U		Flying	2/2		token	ACE		REPLACEMEPuppet		cube	Token Artifact Creature — Puppet 	69	C			1/1		token	ACE		REPLACEMESand Construct		cube	Token Artifact Creature — Sand Construct 	70	C			3/3		token	ACE		REPLACEMEThopter		cube	Token Artifact Creature — Thopter 	71	C		Flying	1/1		token	ACE		REPLACEMEWarrior		cube	Token Artifact Creature — Warrior 	75	C			3/3		token	ACE		REPLACEMEGrimm		cube	Token Legendary Artifact Creature — Construct 	62	C		This creature’s power and toughness are each equal to the number of cards in your hand.	*/*		token	ACE		REPLACEMEJwanga Djitu		cube	Legendary Token Artifact Creature — Sand Construct 	66	C		Indestructible	10/10		token	ACE		REPLACEMEG'Thol		cube	Token Legendary Creature — God 	63	C		Menace, shroud	20/20		token	ACE		REPLACEMEVehicle		cube	Token Artifact — Vehicle 	73	C		Flying, crew 1	3/3		token	ACE		REPLACEMEVehicle		cube	Token Artifact — Vehicle 	74	C		Crew 1	4/4		token	ACE		REPLACEMEClue		cube	Token Artifact — Clue 	56	C		2, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.			token	ACE		REPLACEMEEquipment		cube	Token Artifact — Equipment 	60	C		Equipped creature gets +1/+0.
Equip 2			token	ACE		REPLACEMEFood		cube	Token Artifact — Food 	61	C		2, T, Sacrifice this artifact: You gain 3 life.			token	ACE		REPLACEMEIdol		cube	Token Artifact — Idol 	64	C		1, Sacrifice this artifact: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.			token	ACE		REPLACEMEMortal Shackles		cube	Token Artifact — Equipment 	67	C		Equipped creature gets -3/-3.
Equip 2			token	ACE		REPLACEMEOmen		cube	Token Artifact — Omen 	68	C		T, Discard a card, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.			token	ACE		REPLACEMETreasure		cube	Token Artifact — Treasure 	72	C		T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.			token	ACE		REPLACEMEJunk		cube	Token Artifact — Junk 	65	C		T, Sacrifice this artifact: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.			token	ACE		REPLACEMEEldrazi Spawn		cube	Token Creature — Eldrazi Spawn 	3	C		Sacrifice this creature: Add C.	0/1		token	ACE		REPLACEMEDesert		cube	Token Land — Desert 	76	C		T: Add C.			token	ACE		REPLACEMERenaissance		cube	Token — Reminder	10	C		(Enter a renaissance by activating a nonmana ability, casting an instant or sorcery, and attacking in the same turn.)			token	ACE		REPLACEMEL'Or		cube	Token — Reminder	4	C		(Discover L’Or by spending WUBRG in the same turn.)			token	ACE		REPLACEMEWarlord		cube	Token — Reminder	11	C		Draw a card at the beginning of your end step if you attacked this turn. When an opponent deals combat damage to you, they become the warlord.			token	ACE		REPLACEMEBestiary		cube	Token — Reminder	1	C		If you would create a token, you may instead play one from your bestiary.			token	ACE		REPLACEMECopy		cube	Token	2	C					token	ACE		REPLACEME