First Admiral of the Bellows	W	mythic	Creature — Dwarf Pirate 	15	W	1WW	Shipwright 1 (When this enters, put a +1/+1 counter on it or a Vehicle you control.)
Other Dwarves you control have shipwright 1.
Whenever a Vehicle enters the battlefield under your control, create a 1/1 white Dwarf creature token.	3/3		normal	GSSREPLACEMEBetsy Mae Moss, Legionette	W	mythic	Legendary Creature — Human Pirate 	5	W	1W	Agile
As long as Betsy Mae Moss entered the battlefield or attacked this turn, your opponents can’t cast noncreature spells.	3/1		normal	GSSREPLACEMEPanya, Minikin Hero	U	mythic	Legendary Creature — Mouse Warrior 	43	U	1U	Flying
When Panya enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a battle card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.
Whenever Panya attacks, if she isn’t attacking a player, she has base power and toughness 4/4 until end of turn.	1/1		normal	GSSREPLACEMERami Nyi, the Tsunami	U	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Rami 	47	U	2UU			Whenever you cast a spell on an opponent’s turn, you may activate one of Rami Nyi’s loyalty abilities. (You still pay its costs.)
[+1]: Create a 0/1 blue Fish creature token.
[0]: Draw a card, then discard a card unless you sacrifice a permanent.
[-3]: The owner of target spell or nonland permanent puts that card on the top or bottom of their library.	planeswalker	GSSREPLACEMEThe Deep Ones	B	mythic	Creature — Merfolk Horror 	76	B	B	Deathtouch
Whenever The Deep Ones deals combat damage to a player, look at the top three cards of that player’s library. Exile one face down, then put the rest into that player’s graveyard.
1BB, Discard your hand: Cast any number of cards exiled with The Deep Ones without paying their mana costs. You lose life equal to the total mana value of cards cast this way.	1/1		normal	GSSREPLACEMECurse of the Dusk Fleet	B	mythic	Enchantment — Aura Curse 	73	B	1B	Enchant opponent
When Curse of the Dusk Fleet enters the battlefield, it deals 3 damage to target creature or planeswalker enchanted player controls.
2: Curse of the Dusk Fleet becomes a copy of another target Curse you control attached to enchanted player.			normal	GSSREPLACEMEGiradrus, the Cataclysm	R	mythic	Legendary Creature — Dragon 	101	R	5RR	Flying, haste
Whenever Giradrus attacks for the first time each turn, untap it and any number of other creatures you control. Put a decayed counter on each other creature untapped this way. After this phase, there is an additional combat phase.	5/5		normal	GSSREPLACEMEThe Butcher of Bandura	R	mythic	Legendary Creature — Shark Beast 	92	R	3RR	Whenever The Butcher of Bandura enters the battlefield or attacks, each opponent who controls three or more permanents sacrifices
a permanent.
Whenever a permanent an opponent controls dies, if it was a creature or planeswalker, The Butcher of Bandura deals 2 damage to that player. Otherwise, create a Treasure token.	4/5		normal	GSSREPLACEMEBattle for Alas-Wana	G	mythic	Battle — Conquest 	119	G	1GG	(As a Conquest enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When it’s defeated, put it onto the battlefield transformed.)
Whenever a player taps a land for mana, that player
adds one mana of any type that land produced.			double faced	GSSREPLACEMEThe Wakiwaki	G	mythic	Legendary Creature — Fish Drake 	145	G	2GG	Vigilance, deathtouch
Whenever The Wakiwaki deals combat damage to a player, destroy target nonbasic, noncreature permanent that player controls. They create a tapped Island token.	4/4		normal	GSSREPLACEMEA World Through the Wake	UG	mythic	Kindred Instant — Kraken Revelation 	200	UG	2GU	Fathom 8GU
Reveal the top eight cards of your library. You may put a land card, a creature card, and a Kraken card from among them into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom in a random order.
Kraken Revelation spells you cast resolve as creatures.	8/8		normal	GSSREPLACEMEJara, Glade Sovereign	WRG	mythic	Legendary Creature — Dragon Treefolk 	179	WRG	2RGW	Flying, trample, ward 2
Wayfarer (If you’ve spent WUBRG this turn, discover L’Or.)
Whenever Jara deals combat damage to a player, you may reveal a permanent card you own from outside the game and put it into your hand. If you’ve discovered L’Or, you may put that card onto the battlefield instead.	3/5		normal	GSSREPLACEMEDeacon Bay Docks		mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Ghariv 	1	C	5			[+1]: You may put an artifact card with mana value 2 or less from your hand or graveyard onto the battlefield.
[0]: Target artifact or creature loses all abilities and becomes a colorless Vehicle artifact with base power and toughness 4/4 and crew 1.
[-6]: Deacon Bay Docks loses all abilities and becomes a colorless Vehicle artifact with base power and toughness 10/10, indestructible, crew 1, and “Whenever Deacon Bay Docks attacks, exile target permanent.” (This effect lasts indefinitely.)	planeswalker	GSSREPLACEMEJorah, Eternal and Insatiable	WB	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Jorah 	180	WB	2WB			[+1]: Until your next turn, up to one target creature you control gains lifelink, deathtouch, and vigilance.
[0]: Reveal the top two cards of your library. An opponent chooses one and loses life equal to its mana value. Put that card into your graveyard and the other into your hand.
[-2]: The next time you would create one or more creature tokens this turn, instead create that many 3/3 white and black Angel creature tokens with flying.	planeswalker	GSSREPLACEMECaptain Crain	UBR	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Crain 	158	UBR	UUBBRR			First mate — Your starting deck contains “The Fell Reaper” and each nonland card in your starting deck targets or has an ability that targets.
[+3]: Target opponent exiles a card from their hand or a nonland permanent they control. If that player is cursed, you may play that card until end of turn.
[-3]: Captain Crain deals 3 damage to each creature and each non-Crain planeswalker. Create three Treasure tokens.
[-13]: Each cursed opponent loses the game.	planeswalker	GSSREPLACEMETomas, Beau of the Brine	W	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Pirate 	29	W	1W	Shipwright 1 (When this enters, put a +1/+1 counter on it or a Vehicle you control.)
As long as you control a creature with flying, each creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it has flying. The same is true for agile, first strike, double strike, challenge, deathtouch, indestructible, lifelink, lure, menace, trample, and vigilance.	1/1		normal	GSSREPLACEMEWayward Crew	W	rare	Creature — Human Pirate 	30	W	2W	Whenever one or more creatures with power 2 or less enter the battlefield under your control, create a Clue token.
Whenever you sacrifice a Clue, put a +1/+1 counter on target permanent you control.	3/2		normal	GSSREPLACEMEDawn Patrol	W	rare	Creature — Griffin 	10	W	1WW	Flying
Whenever Dawn Patrol attacks, you may exile another target attacking non-Vehicle creature you control, then return it to the battlefield tapped and attacking. That creature gains flying until end of turn.	1/4		normal	GSSREPLACEMEGoldsmith Thadd	W	rare	Legendary Creature — Dwarf Artificer 	16	W	2WW	Vigilance
Whenever Goldsmith Thadd attacks, return target artifact card from your graveyard to your hand. If its mana value is 4 or less, return it to the battlefield instead.	4/4		normal	GSSREPLACEMEAtaxia	W	rare	Enchantment	3	W	1W	Flash
When Ataxia enters the battlefield, choose one —
• Until end of turn, if a creature would enter the battlefield and it wasn’t cast, exile it instead.
• Until end of turn, if a spell would resolve and no mana was spent to cast it, exile that spell instead.
2, Sacrifice Ataxia: Draw a card.			normal	GSSREPLACEMEArrival of the Sun Fleet	W	rare	Sorcery	2	W	4WW	Search your library for a Vehicle card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle. Create a 1/1 white Pirate creature token with “This creature crews Vehicles as though its power were 2 greater.”
Swansong (Then you may exile this. If you do, you can’t cast spells for the rest of the game, and at the beginning of each of your upkeeps, copy this spell except for swansong.)			normal	GSSREPLACEMEBattle for Castle Cay	W	rare	Battle — Conquest 	4	W	3WW	(As a Conquest enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When it’s defeated, put it onto the battlefield transformed.)
When Battle for Castle Cay enters the battlefield, each player chooses a nonbattle, nonland permanent they control, then sacrifices the rest.			double faced	GSSREPLACEMERiftwind Navigator	WU	rare	Creature — Spirit Pirate 	187	WU	2WU	Flash
When Riftwind Navigator enters the battlefield, exile target spell or nonland permanent an opponent controls with mana value 4 or less.
When Riftwind Navigator leaves the battlefield, the exiled card’s owner creates a 4/4 colorless Vehicle artifact token with crew 1.	3/2		normal	GSSREPLACEMEStormshroud	WB	rare	Enchantment	195	WB	2WB	When Stormshroud enters the battlefield, you gain 3 life.
Pay 3 life: Exile target creature, then return all other cards exiled with Stormshroud to the battlefield under their owner’s control. Activate only during your turn.			normal	GSSREPLACEMEAurelian Drake	U	rare	Creature — Drake 	31	U	U	Flying
Aurelian Drake gets +2/+1 as long as you control three or more artifacts.
Whenever Aurelian Drake deals combat damage to a player, surveil X, where X is the amount of damage dealt.	1/1		normal	GSSREPLACEMEDreadlich Captain	U	rare	Creature — Zombie Pirate 	36	U	1U	Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token with decayed. (It can’t block. When it attacks, sacrifice it at end of combat.)
3, Sacrifice three other Zombies: Create a 6/6 black Zombie Horror creature token. It can’t block this turn.	2/1		normal	GSSREPLACEMECloudbreacher	U	rare	Creature — Drake 	34	U	2U	Flying
Whenever Cloudbreacher or another nontoken creature with flying enters the battlefield under your control, create an Egg artifact token with “3, Sacrifice this: Create a 2/2 blue Drake creature token with flying.”	2/4		normal	GSSREPLACEMEThe Price of Prosperity	U	rare	Sorcery	45	U	4UU	Wayfarer (If you’ve spent WUBRG this turn, discover L’Or.)
Each player shuffles their hand and graveyard into their library, then draws seven cards. If you’ve discovered L’Or, create five Treasure tokens.			normal	GSSREPLACEMEDrown in Ken of Shore	U	rare	Kindred Sorcery — Kraken Revelation 	37	U	1U	Fathom 8UU (If you cast this by sacrificing a creature or Vehicle and paying the fathom cost reduced by that permanent’s mana value, put this onto the battlefield as a creature after it resolves or loses targets.)
Each opponent mills eight cards.
Whenever Drown in Ken of Shore attacks, exile target instant or sorcery card from defending player’s graveyard. You may cast a copy of it without paying its mana cost.	4/8		normal	GSSREPLACEMEThe Silversea Swirls	U	rare	Sorcery	53	U	5UU	Each player returns two permanents they control to their owner’s hands, then you create two 1/1 blue Tentacle creature tokens. If you have eight or more cards in your hand, you may create an 8/8 blue Kraken creature token instead.
Swansong (Then you may exile this. If you do, you can’t cast spells for the rest of the game, and at the beginning of each of your upkeeps, copy this spell except for swansong.)			normal	GSSREPLACEMEBattle for the Mistwinds	U	rare	Battle — Conquest 	32	U	2UU	(As a Conquest enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When it’s defeated, put it onto the battlefield transformed.)
When Battle for the Mistwinds enters the battlefield, look at the top five cards of your library. Put two of them into your hand
and the rest into your graveyard.			double faced	GSSREPLACEMELast Voyage of the Selkie	UB	rare	Sorcery	182	UB	6UB	Put all creature cards from all graveyards onto the battlefield under your control. Those creatures gain decayed. (It can’t block. When it attacks, sacrifice it at end of combat.)			normal	GSSREPLACEMERazortooth Roost	UR	rare	Enchantment	186	UR	2UR	When Razortooth Roost enters the battlefield, create a 2/2 blue Drake creature token with flying. It gains haste.
Whenever three or more creatures you control deal combat damage to a player, draw three cards.			normal	GSSREPLACEMEMayit, the Forgotten One	B	rare	Legendary Creature — Zombie Horror 	82	B	3BB	Attacking Zombies you control have deathtouch.
Whenever Mayit enters the battlefield or attacks, put a legion counter on it, then create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token with decayed for each legion counter on Mayit. (It can’t block. When it attacks, sacrifice it at end of combat.)	5/5		normal	GSSREPLACEMEBlacksea Hag	B	rare	Creature — Merfolk Warlock 	66	B	2B	Deathtouch
Whenever Blacksea Hag attacks, mill two cards.
Whenever Blacksea Hag deals combat damage to a player, that player loses life equal to the number of card types among cards in your graveyard.	1/5		normal	GSSREPLACEMEGrog Snoggers	B	rare	Creature — Skeleton Pirate 	79	B	2BB	Whenever another creature enters the battlefield, each opponent loses 1 life.
1B, T: Exile target creature card from your graveyard. Create a token that’s a copy of that card, then exile that token.	3/4		normal	GSSREPLACEMEAbyssal Corruption	B	rare	Sorcery	61	B	1BB	As an additional cost to cast this spell, pay X life.
Destroy each creature with mana value X or less.			normal	GSSREPLACEMECurse of the Mother	B	rare	Enchantment — Aura Curse 	74	B	2B	Enchant opponent
If a card would be put into enchanted player’s graveyard from anywhere, instead exile it with a smoke counter on it.
Once each turn, you may cast an exiled card enchanted player owns with a smoke counter on it by paying life equal to its mana value rather than paying its mana cost.			normal	GSSREPLACEMEAscent of the Wakeborn	B	rare	Sorcery	62	B	7BB	Each player mills three cards, then for each player you may put a creature card from that player’s graveyard onto the battlefield. They gain “When this creature would leave the battlefield, exile it instead.”
Swansong (Then you may exile this. If you do, you can’t cast spells for the rest of the game, and at the beginning of each of your upkeeps, copy this spell except for swansong.)			normal	GSSREPLACEMEBattle for the Dead Strait	B	rare	Battle — Conquest 	64	B	1B	(As a Conquest enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When it’s defeated, put it onto the battlefield transformed.)
When Battle for the Dead Strait enters the battlefield, search your library for a card, then shuffle and put that card on top. You
lose 2 life.			double faced	GSSREPLACEMECurse of Skull Pass	BR	rare	Enchantment — Aura Curse 	169	BR	BR	Enchant opponent
Spells enchanted player casts cost an additional 2 or 2 life to cast.			normal	GSSREPLACEMEGroveheart Tender	BG	rare	Creature — Treefolk 	177	BG	2BG	Menace, lifelink
Groveheart Tender’s power and toughness are each equal to the number of card types among cards in your graveyard.
You may cast Groveheart Tender from your graveyard by exiling two other cards from your graveyard that don’t share a card type in addition to paying its other costs.	*/*		normal	GSSREPLACEMEHamlet Shrieker	R	rare	Creature — Dragon 	103	R	1R	Flying
Whenever Hamlet Shrieker enters the battlefield or an opponent plays a nonbasic land, exile the top card of your library. You may play that card until the beginning of your next end step.
Whenever you play a card from exile, Hamlet Shrieker deals 1 damage to any non-Dragon target.	1/1		normal	GSSREPLACEMEPathfinder Dragon	R	rare	Creature — Dragon 	110	R	2R	Flying
Wayfarer (If you’ve spent WUBRG this turn, discover L’Or.)
2R: Pathfinder Dragon gets +2/+0 until end of turn.
When Pathfinder Dragon dies, if you’ve discovered L’Or, it deals damage equal to its power to any target.	2/3		normal	GSSREPLACEMEThe Silversea Company	R	rare	Legendary Creature — Merfolk Pirate 	115	R	5RR	Trample
Whenever The Silversea Company attacks, look at the top seven cards of your library. You may put a creature or Vehicle card from among them onto the battlefield tapped. A Vehicle put onto the battlefield this way becomes a creature until end of turn. That permanent is attacking. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.	7/7		normal	GSSREPLACEMESelf-Guided Ballistics	R	rare	Sorcery	113	R	1R	As an additional cost to cast this spell, pay 2R or sacrifice a creature and an artifact.
Self-Guided Ballistics deals 4 damage to each creature and each planeswalker.			normal	GSSREPLACEMECurse of the Firebrand	R	rare	Enchantment — Aura Curse 	97	R	3RR	Enchant opponent
At the beginning of combat on your turn, create a 4/4 red Dragon creature token with flying and haste. It attacks enchanted player this combat if able. Exile that token at end of combat.			normal	GSSREPLACEMEFormation of Merida	R	rare	Sorcery	100	R	5RR	Sacrifice a Mountain. When you do, create a colorless Volcano land token with “T: Add R” and “1, T: This land deals 4 damage to any target.”
Swansong (Then you may exile this. If you do, you can’t cast spells for the rest of the game, and at the beginning of each of your upkeeps, copy this spell except for swansong.)			normal	GSSREPLACEMEBattle for the Apex	R	rare	Battle — Conquest 	91	R	1R	(As a Conquest enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When it’s defeated, put it onto the battlefield transformed.)
When Battle for the Apex enters the battlefield, up to two target creatures can’t block this turn. Until your next turn, those creatures attack each combat if able.			double faced	GSSREPLACEMECurrent Pacer	RG	rare	Creature — Merfolk Scout 	168	RG	1RG	Wayfarer (If you’ve spent WUBRG this turn, discover L’Or.)
When Current Pacer enters the battlefield, draw a card. You may play an additional land this turn.
4RG: Shuffle, then exile the top two cards of your library. You may play them this turn. If you’ve discovered L’Or, you may play them this turn without paying their mana costs.	3/2		normal	GSSREPLACEMEGareth Redplume IV	WR	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Pirate 	175	WR	3RW	Haste
T: Each noncreature Vehicle you control becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.	3/5		normal	GSSREPLACEMEFathoms Spearhunter	G	rare	Creature — Human Merfolk Pirate 	126	WUBRG	1G	Whenever you spend three or more colors of mana to activate an ability of Fathoms Spearhunter, put a +1/+1 counter on it.
2R/W: Fathoms Spearhunter gains double strike until end of turn.
3U/B: Look at the top two cards of your library. Put one into your hand and the other into your graveyard.	2/2		normal	GSSREPLACEMEPelagic Conduit	G	rare	Creature — Human Pirate 	136	G	4G	When Pelagic Conduit enters the battlefield, look at the top eight cards of your library. You may reveal a Revelation card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom in a random order.
When Pelagic Conduit dies, create an 8/8 blue Kraken creature token.	1/1		normal	GSSREPLACEMECall of L'Or	G	rare	Sorcery	122	G	G	Wayfarer (If you’ve spent WUBRG this turn, discover L’Or.)
Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle. If you’ve discovered L’Or, search your library for a green or colorless permanent card instead.			normal	GSSREPLACEMEMerveille Pieuvre	G	rare	Legendary Creature — Octopus 	134	G	4GG	Vigilance
Lands you control have shipwright 3. (When a land you control enters, put three +1/+1 counters on it or a Vehicle you control.)
At the beginning of combat on your turn, any number of target lands you control become 0/0 green Elemental creatures with vigilance until end of turn.	6/6		normal	GSSREPLACEMESomething Stirs Within	G	rare	Kindred Sorcery — Kraken Revelation 	140	G	XGG	Fathom GGG (If you cast this by sacrificing a creature or Vehicle and paying the fathom cost reduced by that permanent’s mana value, put this onto the battlefield as a creature after it resolves or loses targets.)
Search your library for a green creature card with mana value X or less, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle. If this spell was cast for its fathom cost, X is 1 plus the sacrificed permanent’s mana value.	3/3		normal	GSSREPLACEMEGrowth of Arbre-Mere	G	rare	Sorcery	131	G	6GG	Put any number of land cards from your hand onto the battlefield, then draw that many cards. When you do, target land you control becomes an Elemental creature with vigilance, haste, and “This creature’s power and toughness are each equal to the number of lands you control.” (It’s still a land.)
Swansong (Then you may exile this. If you do, you can’t cast spells for the rest of the game, and at the beginning of each of your upkeeps, copy this spell except for swansong.)			normal	GSSREPLACEMEBattle for Prospera Depths	G	rare	Battle — Conquest 	120	G	3G	(As a Conquest enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When it’s defeated, put it onto the battlefield transformed.)
When Battle for Prospera Depths enters the battlefield,
create three 0/1 green Kelp creature tokens with “T: Add G.”			double faced	GSSREPLACEMECoquille, the Rising Isle	WG	rare	Legendary Creature — Dragon Turtle 	166	WG	2GW	If an effect you control would cause one or more counters to be put on a permanent you control, that many of those counters plus one are put on that permanent instead.
Creatures you control with +1/+1 counters on them have lure. (They must be blocked if able.)	4/4		normal	GSSREPLACEMEWitness Forces Unknown	UG	rare	Kindred Sorcery — Kraken Revelation 	199	UG	GU	Fathom 7GU (If you cast this by sacrificing a creature or Vehicle and paying the fathom cost reduced by that permanent’s mana value, put this onto the battlefield as a creature after it resolves or loses targets.)
Draw a card. Create a 1/1 blue Tentacle creature token.
Whenever you draw a card, create a 1/1 blue Tentacle creature token.
Sacrifice two Tentacles: Target Kraken you control gains hexproof until end of turn.	5/6		normal	GSSREPLACEMESentinels of Canica Strait		rare	Artifact	207	C	2	Sentinels of Canica Strait enters the battlefield with three marble counters on it.
2, T, Remove a marble counter from Sentinels of Canica Strait: Draw a card.
3, T, Sacrifice Sentinels of Canica Strait: Create two 3/3 colorless Warrior artifact creature tokens. Activate only if Sentinels of Canica Strait has no marble counters on it.			normal	GSSREPLACEMEFishing Docks		rare	Artifact	204	C	1	1, T: Create a 0/1 blue Fish creature token.
T, Sacrifice a Fish: Create a Food token. (It’s an artifact with “2, T, Sacrifice this artifact: You gain 3 life.”)
T, Sacrifice a Food: Create a Treasure token and draw a card.			normal	GSSREPLACEMEVoyager's Passage		rare	Land	220	C		Wayfarer (If you’ve spent WUBRG this turn, discover L’Or.)
T: Add C.
1, T: Add one mana of any color.
3: Voyager’s Passage becomes a 5/5 Elemental creature with vigilance and trample until end of turn. It’s still a land. Activate only if you’ve discovered L’Or.			normal	GSSREPLACEMEDetention Officer	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Pirate 	11	W	2W	When Detention Officer enters the battlefield, you may exile another target nonland permanent. Return that card to the battlefield under its owner’s control at the beginning of the next end step.	3/1		normal	GSSREPLACEMECourier of the Winds	W	uncommon	Creature — Bird 	9	W	W	Flying
Sacrifice Courier of the Winds: Target artifact you control gains indestructible until end of turn.	1/1		normal	GSSREPLACEMEJacktar-for-Hire	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Pirate 	17	W	2W	When Jacktar-for-Hire enters the battlefield, search your library for a Vehicle card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.	2/2		normal	GSSREPLACEMELady of the Threshers	W	uncommon	Creature — Merfolk Pirate 	18	W	4W	Shipwright 2 (When this enters, put two +1/+1 counters on it or a Vehicle you control.)
Creatures you control with +1/+1 counters on them have lifelink.	2/3		normal	GSSREPLACEMEA Pirate's Life	W	uncommon	Instant	21	W	W	Exile target nonland permanent an opponent controls. That player creates a 4/4 colorless Vehicle artifact token with crew 1.			normal	GSSREPLACEMEThe Blessing of Wealth	W	uncommon	Enchantment	6	W	2W	Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, you gain 1 life.
If an artifact or creature entering the battlefield causes a triggered ability of another permanent you control to trigger and your life total is greater than your starting life total, that ability triggers an additional time.			normal	GSSREPLACEMEWindwise Drake	U	uncommon	Creature — Drake 	59	U	1U	Flying
2U: Create a Clue token. If you control three or more artifacts, you may draw a card instead.	1/3		normal	GSSREPLACEMECrain's Creation	U	uncommon	Creature — Zombie Pirate 	35	U	1U	When Crain’s Creation enters the battlefield, create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token with decayed. (It can’t block. When it attacks, sacrifice it at end of combat.)
Tap three untapped creatures you control: Target player mills three cards.
Tap ten untapped creatures you control: Target player mills twenty cards.	1/1		normal	GSSREPLACEMEWatchful Ashwing	U	uncommon	Creature — Drake 	56	U	4UU	Flying, vigilance
Wayfarer (If you’ve spent WUBRG this turn, discover L’Or.)
Watchful Ashwing has ward 4 as long as you’ve discovered L’Or.	4/4		normal	GSSREPLACEMEWaveshaping	U	uncommon	Instant	57	U	3U	As long as you control an Island, you may tap four untapped creatures and/or Vehicles you control rather than pay this spell’s mana cost.
Scry 2, then draw two cards.			normal	GSSREPLACEMEPhantasmal Marauder	U	uncommon	Creature — Zombie Spirit Pirate 	44	U	3U	At the beginning of combat on your turn, another target Zombie you control gets +1/+1 and gain flying until end of turn.
Whenever you sacrifice a token, scry 2.	1/4		normal	GSSREPLACEMEThe Briny Depths Await	U	uncommon	Kindred Instant — Kraken Revelation 	33	U	1UU	Fathom 4UU (If you cast this by sacrificing a creature or Vehicle and paying the fathom cost reduced by that permanent’s mana value, put this onto the battlefield as a creature after it resolves or loses targets.)
Counter target spell.
When The Briny Depths Await enters the battlefield, draw a card.	3/3		normal	GSSREPLACEMEBlack Arts Admiral	B	uncommon	Creature — Zombie Pirate 	65	B	1B	Whenever Black Arts Admiral becomes tapped, mill two cards, then you may pay B and sacrifice another creature. When you do, return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.	2/2		normal	GSSREPLACEMERoots of All Evil	B	uncommon	Creature — Zombie Treefolk 	85	B	6BB	This spell costs 1 less to cast for each card type among cards in your graveyard.
When Roots of All Evil enters the battlefield, draw two cards and you lose 2 life.	4/4		normal	GSSREPLACEMEFaceless Faction	B	uncommon	Creature — Zombie Pirate 	77	B	3B	Zombies you control get +1/+1.
At the beginning of your end step, if a nontoken creature died this turn, create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token with decayed. (It can’t block. When it attacks, sacrifice it at end of combat.)	3/3		normal	GSSREPLACEMEBarter in Blood	B	uncommon	Sorcery	63	B	2BB	Each player sacrifices two creatures.			normal	GSSREPLACEMELight Fades to Despair	B	uncommon	Kindred Sorcery — Kraken Revelation 	81	B	2B	Fathom 5BB (If you cast this by sacrificing a creature or Vehicle and paying the fathom cost reduced by that permanent’s mana value, put this onto the battlefield as a creature after it resolves or loses targets.)
Target opponent reveals their hand. You choose a nonland card from it. That player discards that card.	6/4		normal	GSSREPLACEMECurse of the Blacksea	B	uncommon	Enchantment — Aura Curse 	72	B	1B	Enchant opponent
Whenever Curse of the Blacksea enters the battlefield or you cast a spell that targets enchanted player, they lose 3 life unless they sacrifice a nonland permanent or discard a card.			normal	GSSREPLACEMESabre-Happy Swashbuckler	R	uncommon	Creature — Human Pirate 	112	R	1R	Shipwright 1 (When this enters, put a +1/+1 counter on it or a Vehicle you control.)
Creatures you control with +1/+1 counters on them have agile. (They deal combat damage first as long as they’re attacking.)	1/1		normal	GSSREPLACEMEGlyph Wyvern	R	uncommon	Creature — Dragon 	102	R	2R	Flying
Whenever Glyph Wyvern or another creature with flying enters the battlefield under your control, create a Treasure token.	1/3		normal	GSSREPLACEMEPainted Dragon	R	uncommon	Creature — Dragon 	109	R	4R	Wayfarer (If you’ve spent WUBRG this turn, discover L’Or.)
Flying
Whenever Painted Dragon becomes tapped, if you’ve discovered L’Or, you may discard your hand. If you do, draw three cards.	3/3		normal	GSSREPLACEMEKeelhaul	R	uncommon	Instant	106	R	1R	Target Vehicle creature you control deals damage equal to its power to any target. If a creature or planeswalker dealt damage this way would die this turn, exile it instead.			normal	GSSREPLACEMECurse of Marked Charts	R	uncommon	Enchantment — Aura Curse 	95	R	2R	Enchant opponent
Whenever you cast a spell that targets enchanted player, exile the top card of your library. You may play that card until you exile another card with Curse of Marked Charts.			normal	GSSREPLACEMEBasalt Spray	R	uncommon	Instant	90	R	R	Wayfarer (If you’ve spent WUBRG this turn, discover L’Or.)
Basalt Spray deals 2 damage to target creature or planeswalker. If you’ve discovered L’Or, Basalt Spray deals 5 damage to that permanent instead.			normal	GSSREPLACEMESoul of the Grove	G	uncommon	Creature — Treefolk 	141	G	2G	When Soul of the Grove enters the battlefield, mill three cards and you gain 3 life.
When Soul of the Grove dies, create a 4/1 black and green Zombie Treefolk creature token.	1/4		normal	GSSREPLACEMEPolyp Architect	G	uncommon	Creature — Merfolk Pirate 	137	G	G	Shipwright 1 (When this enters, put a +1/+1 counter on it or a Vehicle you control.)
If damage would be dealt to a creature you control during your turn, you may remove a +1/+1 counter from that creature to prevent that damage.	0/1		normal	GSSREPLACEMEChart the Lost Lands	G	uncommon	Instant	123	G	2G	Sacrifice a land. Search your library for up to two Forest cards, put them onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	GSSREPLACEMEThe Roil Stakes Its Claim	G	uncommon	Kindred Sorcery — Kraken Revelation 	139	G	3G	Fathom 5GG (If you cast this by sacrificing a creature or Vehicle and paying the fathom cost reduced by that permanent’s mana value, put this onto the battlefield as a creature after it resolves or loses targets.)
Destroy target artifact, enchantment, planeswalker, or nonbasic land.	4/4		normal	GSSREPLACEMEGreensea Amity	G	uncommon	Enchantment	129	G	4G	You may pay 1G rather than pay this spell’s mana cost. If you do, sacrifice it when it enters the battlefield.
When Greensea Amity enters the battlefield, create a 0/1 green Kelp creature token with “T: Add G.”
Untap all permanents you control during each other player’s untap step.			normal	GSSREPLACEMEWithstand the Torrent	G	uncommon	Sorcery	146	G	4G	Wayfarer (If you’ve spent WUBRG this turn, discover L’Or.)
You gain 8 life. Return target permanent card from your graveyard to your hand. If you’ve discovered L’Or, you may put that card onto the battlefield instead.			normal	GSSREPLACEMECaptain Holly Dee	WU	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Human Pirate 	160	WU	2WU	First mate — Your starting deck contains “Suitor of the Wind” and at least eight other artifacts. (If this card outside the game is your chosen first mate, you may swap it with a card in your opening hand.)
Whenever Captain Holly Dee becomes tapped, target creature or Vehicle you control gains flying until end of turn.	1/5		normal	GSSREPLACEMERunic Visionary	WU	uncommon	Creature — Dwarf Artificer 	188	WU	WU	When Runic Visionary enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a card named Prophetic Prism and/or a card named Seer’s Lantern, reveal them, put them into your hand, then shuffle.
Runic Visionary gets +2/+1 as long as you control three or more artifacts.	1/2		normal	GSSREPLACEMEBattle for Verity Bay	WU	uncommon	Battle — Conquest 	157	WU	1WU	(As a Conquest enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When it’s defeated, put it onto the battlefield transformed.)
When Battle for Verity Bay enters the battlefield, you may exile target nonland permanent an opponent controls. For as long as that card remains exiled, its owner may pay 2 to put it into their hand.			double faced	GSSREPLACEMECaptain Darwin Smythe	UB	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Zombie Pirate 	159	UB	1UB	First mate — Your starting deck contains “The Foul Omen” and no nonlegendary cards with odd mana value. (If this card outside the game is your chosen first mate, you may swap it with a card in your opening hand.)
Tap three untapped Zombies you control: Draw a card. You lose 1 life.	3/2		normal	GSSREPLACEMETouch of the Omen	UB	uncommon	Sorcery	197	UB	2UB	Gain control of target creature. Put a decayed counter on it. (It can’t block. When it attacks, sacrifice it at end of combat.)			normal	GSSREPLACEMEBattle for Ivos Isle	UB	uncommon	Battle — Conquest 	152	UB	UB	(As a Conquest enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When it’s defeated, put it onto the battlefield transformed.)
When Battle for Ivos Isle enters the battlefield, put a decayed counter on target creature an opponent controls with mana value 3 or less. (It can’t block. When it attacks, sacrifice it at end of combat.)			double faced	GSSREPLACEMECommodore Egan Bristol	BR	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Zombie Pirate 	165	BR	1BR	First mate — Your starting deck contains “Despair’s Emissary” and at least eight cards that could target a player. (If this card outside the game is your chosen first mate, you may swap it with a card in your opening hand.)
Whenever you cast a spell that targets an opponent, target creature you control gets +2/+0 and gains menace until end of turn.	2/3		normal	GSSREPLACEMECurse of the Hunted	BR	uncommon	Enchantment — Aura Curse 	170	BR	3BR	Enchant opponent
At the beginning of combat on your turn, create X 2/2 black Zombie creature tokens with decayed, where X is the number of Auras attached to enchanted player. Those tokens gain haste and attack this combat if able. (A creature with decayed can’t block. When it attacks, sacrifice it at end of combat.)			normal	GSSREPLACEMEBattle for Blacksea	BR	uncommon	Battle — Conquest 	148	BR	BR	(As a Conquest enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When it’s defeated, put it onto the battlefield transformed.)
When Battle for Blacksea enters the battlefield, copy the next spell you cast this turn that targets an opponent when you cast it.			double faced	GSSREPLACEMECaptain Rosie Wright	RG	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Human Pirate 	162	RG	1RG	First mate — Your starting deck contains “Shining Horizon” and two lands of each basic land type. (If this card outside the game is your chosen first mate, you may swap it with a card in your opening hand.)
Whenever Captain Rosie Wright becomes tapped, you may sacrifice a Mountain or Forest. If you do, put a +1/+1 counter on Captain Rosie Wright, then search your library for a land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.	2/2		normal	GSSREPLACEMESunscale Drake	RG	uncommon	Creature — Drake Leviathan 	196	RG	3RG	Wayfarer (If you’ve spent WUBRG this turn, discover L’Or.)
5: Until end of turn, Sunscale Drake gets +1/+1 and gains your choice of agile, lure, or challenge. If you’ve discovered L’Or, it gains all three instead. (A creature with agile deals combat damage first as long as it’s attacking. A creature with lure must be blocked if able. A creature with challenge can’t be blocked by more than one creature.)	4/4		normal	GSSREPLACEMEBattle for Highspire	RG	uncommon	Battle — Conquest 	151	RG	RG	(As a Conquest enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When it’s defeated, put it onto the battlefield transformed.)
When Battle for Highspire enters the battlefield, exile the top three cards of your library. You may play one of them this turn, and
you may play an additional land this turn.			double faced	GSSREPLACEMEThe Dieu-de-Fer Twins	WG	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Human Pirate 	171	WG	GW	First mate — Your starting deck contains “Frere et Soeur” and no nonlegendary nonland cards with even mana value. (If this card outside the game is your chosen first mate, you may swap it with a card in your opening hand.)
Creatures you control with +1/+1 counters on them have challenge. (They can’t be blocked by more than one creature.)	2/3		normal	GSSREPLACEMEFamiliar's Guile	WG	uncommon	Enchantment	173	WG	1GW	When Familiar’s Guile enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 white Bird creature token with flying.
Whenever you attack, put a +1/+1 counter on target attacking creature or Vehicle.			normal	GSSREPLACEMEBattle for Fort Alderosa	WG	uncommon	Battle — Conquest 	150	WG	3GW	(As a Conquest enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When it’s defeated, put it onto the battlefield transformed.)
When Battle for Fort Alderosa enters the battlefield, distribute four +1/+1 counters among any number of target creatures and/or Vehicles you control, then permanents you control with +1/+1 counters on them gain vigilance until end of turn.			double faced	GSSREPLACEMEOlavan of the Silversea	WB	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Merfolk Pirate 	183	WB	2WB	First mate — Your starting deck contains “The Ashen Cross” and each nonland, nonlegendary permanent card in your starting deck has a triggered ability. (If this card outside the game is your chosen first mate, you may swap it with a card in your opening hand.)
Whenever Olavan crews a Vehicle, that Vehicle gains deathtouch and lifelink until end of turn.	3/3		normal	GSSREPLACEMESpectral Scalawag	WB	uncommon	Creature — Zombie Spirit Pirate 	193	WB	WB	When Spectral Scalawag enters the battlefield, target opponent loses 2 life and you gain 2 life.
When Spectral Scalawag leaves the battlefield, reveal the top card of your library and put it into your hand. You lose life equal to its mana value.	1/1		normal	GSSREPLACEMEBattle for the Stillshroud	WB	uncommon	Battle — Conquest 	156	WB	2WB	(As a Conquest enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When it’s defeated, put it onto the battlefield transformed.)
When Battle for the Stillshroud enters the battlefield, it deals 3 damage to target creature, player, or planeswalker and you gain
3 life.			double faced	GSSREPLACEMERunix of the Blacksea	BG	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Merfolk Pirate 	189	BG	BG	First mate — Your starting deck contains “The Abyssal Pilgrim” and no nonlegendary, nonland cards with mana value 2 or less. (If this card outside the game is your chosen first mate, you may swap it with a card in your opening hand.)
When Runix enters the battlefield, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.
BG, Exile two cards that don’t share a type from your graveyard: Return Runix from your graveyard to the battlefield. They can’t block this turn.	1/3		normal	GSSREPLACEMEColossal Mossjaw	BG	uncommon	Creature — Treefolk Crocodile 	164	BG	1BG	Whenever Colossal Mossjaw becomes tapped, look at the top two cards of your library. Put any number of them into your graveyard and the rest back on top in any order.
8BG: Destroy target permanent. This ability costs 1 less to activate for each card type among cards in your graveyard. Activate only once.	3/3		normal	GSSREPLACEMEBattle for Merida Keys	BG	uncommon	Battle — Conquest 	153	BG	2BG	(As a Conquest enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When it’s defeated, put it onto the battlefield transformed.)
When Battle for Merida Keys enters the battlefield, return up to one target noncreature permanent card from your graveyard to the battlefield, then return up to one target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.			double faced	GSSREPLACEMELanne of the Greensea	UG	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Merfolk Pirate 	181	UG	GU	First mate — Your starting deck contains “Seaskipper” and at least eight cards with an alternate cost. (If this card outside the game is your chosen first mate, you may swap it with a card in your opening hand.)
At the beginning of your end step, if you don’t control a 0/1 green Kelp creature token with “T: Add G,” create one.	2/2		normal	GSSREPLACEMEGlimpse Worlds Within Worlds	UG	uncommon	Kindred Sorcery — Kraken Revelation 	176	UG	1GU	Fathom 5GU (If you cast this by sacrificing a creature or Vehicle and paying the fathom cost reduced by that permanent’s mana value, put this onto the battlefield as a creature after it resolves or loses targets.)
Look at the top five cards of your library. You may reveal a land card and a nonland card from among them. Put the land card onto the battlefield tapped, the nonland card into your hand, and the rest on the bottom in any order.	5/4		normal	GSSREPLACEMEBattle for Tempest Reach	UG	uncommon	Battle — Conquest 	155	UG	2GU	(As a Conquest enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When it’s defeated, put it onto the battlefield transformed.)
When Battle for Tempest Reach enters the battlefield, return target nonland permanent an opponent controls to its owner’s hand, then return target Kraken card from your graveyard to your hand.			double faced	GSSREPLACEMECaptain Polly Carver	UR	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Human Pirate 	161	UR	1UR	First mate — Your starting deck contains “The Scarlet Scourge” and no nonlegendary creature cards without flying. (If this card outside the game is your chosen first mate, you may swap it with a card in your opening hand.)
Whenever a Dragon or Drake you control deals damage to an opponent, exile the top card of your library, then you may have Captain Polly Carver deal 1 damage to that player. If you don’t, you may play that card from exile this turn.	2/4		normal	GSSREPLACEMEShrieking Seakite	UR	uncommon	Creature — Dragon 	191	UR	2UR	Flying
Whenever an opponent casts a spell or activates an ability that targets a Dragon or Drake you control, Shrieking Seakite deals 3 damage to that player.	3/3		normal	GSSREPLACEMEBattle for Charred Atoll	UR	uncommon	Battle — Conquest 	149	UR	1UR	(As a Conquest enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When it’s defeated, put it onto the battlefield transformed.)
When Battle for Charred Atoll enters the battlefield,
create a 2/2 blue Drake creature token with flying.			double faced	GSSREPLACEMEAdmiral Everett Cross	WR	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Human Pirate 	147	WR	2RW	First mate — Your starting deck contains “The Huntress” and no nonlegendary cards with mana value 4 or greater. (If this card outside the game is your chosen first mate, you may swap it with a card in your opening hand.)
Whenever Admiral Everett Cross crews a Vehicle, that Vehicle gains double strike until end of turn.	4/4		normal	GSSREPLACEMEForecastle Bosun	WR	uncommon	Creature — Dwarf Pirate 	174	WR	RW	Shipwright 2 (When this enters, put two +1/+1 counters on it or a Vehicle you control.)
Whenever Forecastle Bosun becomes tapped, target creature or Vehicle you control gains trample until end of turn.	0/1		normal	GSSREPLACEMEBattle for Port Plenty	WR	uncommon	Battle — Conquest 	154	WR	1RW	(As a Conquest enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When it’s defeated, put it onto the battlefield transformed.)
When Battle for Port Plenty enters the battlefield, create
a 4/4 colorless Vehicle artifact token with crew 1.			double faced	GSSREPLACEMEEverfelle Gates		uncommon	Artifact Creature — Wall 	203	C	3	Defender
1, T: Target creature or Vehicle can’t attack or block this turn.	0/4		normal	GSSREPLACEMEThunderball Mortars		uncommon	Artifact — Equipment 	208	C	1	Equipped creature gets +2/+0 and has trample.
Equip 4
Equip Vehicle 2 (2: Attach to target Vehicle you control. This doesn’t unattach while that Vehicle isn’t a creature. Equip only as a sorcery.)			normal	GSSREPLACEMETreasure Cove		uncommon	Land	218	C		T: Add C.
T: Add one mana of any type an artifact you control could produce.			normal	GSSREPLACEMESeacraft Registrar	W	common	Creature — Human Advisor 	27	W	W	Defender
Shipwright 1 (When this enters, put a +1/+1 counter on it or a Vehicle you control.)	2/1		normal	GSSREPLACEMEDockside Sleuth	W	common	Creature — Human Scout 	12	W	1W	When Dockside Sleuth enters the battlefield, create a Clue token. (It’s an artifact with “2, Sacrifice this: Draw a card.”)	2/2		normal	GSSREPLACEMEElixir Provisioner	W	common	Creature — Human Citizen 	13	W	1W	When Elixir Provisioner enters the battlefield, you gain 3 life.
2, T, Sacrifice Elixir Provisioner: Return target artifact card from your graveyard to your hand.	2/1		normal	GSSREPLACEMEBluecoat Adept	W	common	Creature — Human Pirate 	7	W	W	Bluecoat Adept crews Vehicles as though its power were 2 greater.	1/2		normal	GSSREPLACEMEPlucky Crewmate	W	common	Creature — Human Pirate 	22	W	2W	Shipwright 1 (When this enters, put a +1/+1 counter on it or a Vehicle you control.)
Creatures you control with +1/+1 counters on them have vigilance.	2/2		normal	GSSREPLACEMEFaithful Seasteed	W	common	Creature — Fish Horse 	14	W	2W	When Faithful Seasteed enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a card named Faithful Seasteed, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.	3/1		normal	GSSREPLACEMEParrot Peddler	W	common	Creature — Human Pirate 	20	W	2W	When Parrot Peddler enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 white Bird creature token with flying.	1/3		normal	GSSREPLACEMERainbow Tern	W	common	Creature — Bird 	24	W	3W	Flying
Whenever Rainbow Tern becomes tapped, you gain 2 life.	2/3		normal	GSSREPLACEMEPort Rose Lieutenant	W	common	Creature — Human Pirate 	23	W	4W	When Port Rose Lieutenant enters the battlefield, exile target creature or Vehicle an opponent controls until Port Rose Lieutenant leaves the battlefield.
Port Rose Lieutenant has ward 3 as long as you control three or more artifacts.	2/4		normal	GSSREPLACEMEChitinous Commander	W	common	Creature — Merfolk Warrior 	8	W	4W	Shipwright 1 (When this enters, put a +1/+1 counter on it or a Vehicle you control.)
Whenever Chitinous Commander becomes tapped during your turn, tap target creature or Vehicle an opponent controls.	3/3		normal	GSSREPLACEMEMercantile Negotiations	W	common	Instant	19	W	W	Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. Create a Clue token. (It’s an artifact with “2, Sacrifice this: Draw a card.”)			normal	GSSREPLACEMESurging Current	W	common	Instant	28	W	W	Surging Current deals 2 damage to target tapped creature. If it’s a Vehicle, Surging Current deals 4 damage instead.			normal	GSSREPLACEMERevoke Privileges	W	common	Enchantment — Aura 	25	W	2W	Enchant creature
Enchanted creature can’t attack, block, or crew Vehicles.			normal	GSSREPLACEMESailor's Sendoff	W	common	Instant	26	W	2W	Exile up to one target creature or Vehicle you control and up to one target creature or Vehicle an opponent controls. Return those cards to the battlefield under their owner’s control at the beginning of the next end step.
Draw a card.			normal	GSSREPLACEMERagged Rapscallion	U	common	Creature — Zombie Pirate 	46	U	1U	Whenever Ragged Rapscallion becomes tapped during your turn, target creature or Vehicle an opponent controls gets -2/-0 until end of turn.	2/1		normal	GSSREPLACEMERecon Drake	U	common	Creature — Drake 	48	U	1U	Flash
Flying
When Recon Drake dies, draw a card.	1/1		normal	GSSREPLACEMESigiled Spotter	U	common	Creature — Human Pirate 	52	U	2U	Whenever Sigiled Spotter attacks, create a Clue token. (It’s an artifact with “2, Sacrifice this: Draw a card.”)	3/2		normal	GSSREPLACEMEGilded Lapwing	U	common	Creature — Drake 	39	U	2U	Wayfarer (If you’ve spent WUBRG this turn, discover L’Or.)
Flying
Whenever Gilded Lapwing becomes tapped, scry 1. If you’ve discovered L’Or, scry 2 instead.	1/4		normal	GSSREPLACEMEHarbor Trawler	U	common	Creature — Zombie Merfolk 	40	U	3U	When Harbor Trawler enters the battlefield, you may tap two other untapped artifacts and/or creatures you control. When you do, return target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard to your hand.	3/4		normal	GSSREPLACEMERuin Cove Scavenger	U	common	Creature — Zombie Drake 	50	U	3U	You may pay 1U and exile a creature or Vehicle card from your graveyard rather than pay this spell’s mana cost.
Flying	3/2		normal	GSSREPLACEMESecrets Shimmer Like Silver	U	common	Kindred Sorcery — Kraken Revelation 	51	U	1U	Fathom 4UU (If you cast this by sacrificing a creature or Vehicle and paying the fathom cost reduced by that permanent’s mana value, put this onto the battlefield as a creature after it resolves or loses targets.)
Look at the top three cards of your library. Put one into your hand and the rest on the bottom in any order.	5/5		normal	GSSREPLACEMEFang Fleet Mandate	U	common	Instant	38	U	1U	Counter target spell unless its controller pays 2. If you control three or more artifacts, counter that spell unless its controller pays 4 instead.			normal	GSSREPLACEMENecrotic Shawl	U	common	Instant	41	U	1U	Target creature gets +1/+1 and gains hexproof until end of turn.
Create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token with decayed. (It can’t block. When it attacks, sacrifice it at end of combat.)			normal	GSSREPLACEMEWhale of a Tale	U	common	Instant	58	U	2U	Counter target permanent spell.			normal	GSSREPLACEMEOne With the Great Beyond	U	common	Kindred Sorcery — Kraken Revelation 	42	U	U	Fathom 3UU (If you cast this by sacrificing a creature or Vehicle and paying the fathom cost reduced by that permanent’s mana value, put this onto the battlefield as a creature after it resolves or loses targets.)
Return target nonland permanent to its owner’s hand.
Menace	3/2		normal	GSSREPLACEMERise of the Blacksea Moon	U	common	Sorcery	49	U	3U	Tap up to two target creatures and/or Vehicles. They don’t untap during their controller’s next untap step.
Create two 2/2 black Zombie creature tokens with decayed. (It can’t block. When it attacks, sacrifice it at end of combat.)			normal	GSSREPLACEMEThrow Overboard	U	common	Sorcery	55	U	3U	You may pay U and tap any number of untapped creatures you control with total power 3 or greater rather than pay this spell’s cost.
Put target creature into its owner’s library third from the top.			normal	GSSREPLACEMEStructural Damage	U	common	Enchantment — Aura 	54	U	1U	Enchant artifact or creature
Enchanted permanent doesn’t untap during its controller’s untap step and its activated abilities can’t be activated.			normal	GSSREPLACEMERelentless Remains	B	common	Creature — Zombie 	84	B	1B	4B: Return Relentless Remains from your graveyard to the battlefield tapped. This ability costs 1 less to activate for each Curse you control.	2/1		normal	GSSREPLACEMECrain's Accursed	B	common	Creature — Human Pirate 	69	B	1B	When Crain’s Accursed dies, create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token with decayed. (It can’t block. When it attacks, sacrifice it at end of combat.)	2/2		normal	GSSREPLACEMEAbyssal Corrupter	B	common	Creature — Merfolk Warlock 	60	B	2B	When Abyssal Corrupter enters the battlefield, if you cast it, choose one —
• Return to the battlefield target creature card in your graveyard that was put there from the battlefield this turn.
• Destroy target creature that was dealt damage this turn.	1/2		normal	GSSREPLACEMEBlighted Arbor	B	common	Creature — Treefolk 	67	B	2B	12: Each opponent loses 3 life. This ability costs 1 less to activate for each card type among cards in your graveyard.	3/2		normal	GSSREPLACEMEUprooted Stalker	B	common	Creature — Zombie Treefolk 	87	B	3B	Whenever Uprooted Stalker becomes tapped, target creature or Vehicle you control gains menace until end of turn.	4/1		normal	GSSREPLACEMEDamned Helmsman	B	common	Creature — Zombie Pirate 	75	B	3B	When Damned Helmsman enters the battlefield, create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token with decayed. (It can’t block. When it attacks, sacrifice it at end of combat.)
2B, Sacrifice a creature or Vehicle: Draw a card. You gain 1 life.	3/3		normal	GSSREPLACEMEGalleon Ravager	B	common	Creature — Zombie Griffin 	78	B	3B	Flying, deathtouch
When Galleon Ravager enters the battlefield, mill three cards.	2/3		normal	GSSREPLACEMEWrithing Abomination	B	common	Creature — Zombie Horror 	88	B	4BB	When Writhing Abomination enters the battlefield, return target creature card with mana value 4 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield with a decayed counter on it. (It can’t block. When it attacks, sacrifice it at end of combat.)	5/5		normal	GSSREPLACEMEIslander's Bounty	B	common	Instant	80	B	2B	Mill four cards, then you may return up to two creature and/or Vehicle cards from your graveyard to your hand.			normal	GSSREPLACEMEMoment of Craving	B	common	Instant	83	B	1B	Target creature gets -2/-2 until end of turn. You gain 2 life.			normal	GSSREPLACEMEA Soul Breaks Like a Wave	B	common	Kindred Sorcery — Kraken Revelation 	86	B	3B	Fathom 5BB (If you cast this by sacrificing a creature or Vehicle and paying the fathom cost reduced by that permanent’s mana value, put this onto the battlefield as a creature after it resolves or loses targets.)
Target player discards two cards and loses 2 life.	4/4		normal	GSSREPLACEMEChurn to Chum	B	common	Instant	68	B	2BB	Destroy target creature. Create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token with decayed. (It can’t block. When it attacks, sacrifice it at end of combat.)			normal	GSSREPLACEMECurse of Admonishment	B	common	Enchantment — Aura Curse 	70	B	2B	Enchant opponent
At the beginning of enchanted player’s upkeep, they lose 1 life and you gain 1 life.			normal	GSSREPLACEMECurse of Fetid Remains	B	common	Enchantment — Aura Curse 	71	B	1B	Enchant opponent
Whenever Curse of Fetid Remains enters the battlefield or you cast a spell that targets enchanted player, create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token with decayed. (A creature with decayed can’t block. When it attacks, sacrifice it at end of combat.)			normal	GSSREPLACEMEMottled Snapwing	R	common	Creature — Dragon 	107	R	R	Flying, haste
Whenever you cast a spell that targets an opponent, Mottled Snapwing gets +1/+0 until end of turn.	1/1		normal	GSSREPLACEMEHerald of the Brood	R	common	Creature — Dragon 	105	R	1R	Flying
5RR: Create a 4/4 red Dragon creature token with flying. It gains haste. Exile that token at the beginning of the next end step. Activate only as a sorcery.	1/2		normal	GSSREPLACEMEWayward Mariner	R	common	Creature — Human Pirate 	117	R	1R	Shipwright 1 (When this enters, put a +1/+1 counter on it or a Vehicle you control.)
Whenever Wayward Mariner becomes tapped, you may discard a card. If you do, draw a card.	1/1		normal	GSSREPLACEMEHellkite Whelp	R	common	Creature — Dragon 	104	R	2R	Flying
When Hellkite Whelp enters the battlefield, search your library for a Mountain card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.	1/1		normal	GSSREPLACEMEShallows Spear-Fisher	R	common	Creature — Merfolk Warrior 	114	R	3R	Wayfarer (If you’ve spent WUBRG this turn, discover L’Or.)
Shallows Spear-Fisher has double strike as long as you’ve discovered L’Or.	4/2		normal	GSSREPLACEMECombustion Girl	R	common	Creature — Human Pirate 	93	R	2R	Reach
Shipwright 1 (When this enters, put a +1/+1 counter on it or a Vehicle you control.)	3/1		normal	GSSREPLACEMEAnchor Hauler	R	common	Creature — Human Pirate 	89	R	2R	Shipwright 2 (When this enters, put two +1/+1 counters on it or a Vehicle you control.)
Anchor Hauler can’t attack or block unless you control a Vehicle creature.	2/2		normal	GSSREPLACEMECrag Monarch	R	common	Creature — Dragon 	94	R	4R	Flying
When Crag Monarch enters the battlefield, it deals 1 damage to target creature, planeswalker, or battle. A creature dealt damage this way can’t block this turn.	3/4		normal	GSSREPLACEMEPoisson Slums Dealings	R	common	Instant	111	R	1R	As an additional cost to cast this spell, discard a card or sacrifice an artifact.
Draw two cards.			normal	GSSREPLACEMEErode	R	common	Sorcery	99	R	1R	Destroy target artifact or land. If a land is destroyed this way, its controller searches their library for a basic land card, puts it onto the battlefield, then shuffles.			normal	GSSREPLACEMEOpen Fire	R	common	Instant	108	R	2R	Open Fire deals 3 damage to any target.			normal	GSSREPLACEMEWarning from Giradrus	R	common	Instant	116	R	4R	Wayfarer (If you’ve spent WUBRG this turn, discover L’Or.)
Warning from Giradrus deals 5 damage to target creature or planeswalker. If you’ve discovered L’Or, Warning from Giradrus deals 3 damage to that permanent’s controller.			normal	GSSREPLACEMECurse of the Dragon's Coin	R	common	Enchantment — Aura Curse 	96	R	R	Enchant opponent
Whenever Curse of the Dragon’s Coin enters the battlefield or you cast a spell that targets enchanted player, Curse of the Dragon’s Coin deals 1 damage to enchanted player.			normal	GSSREPLACEMECurse of the Sea's Bounty	R	common	Enchantment — Aura Curse 	98	R	3R	Enchant opponent
When Curse of the Sea’s Bounty enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 blue and red Pirate creature token.
Whenever a creature attacks enchanted player, it gets +1/+0 until end of turn.			normal	GSSREPLACEMEInvasive Kelp	G	common	Creature — Plant 	132	G	G	Invasive Kelp must be blocked if able.
2G, Exile Invasive Kelp from your graveyard: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature or Vehicle you control. It must be blocked this turn if able. Activate only as a sorcery.	1/1		normal	GSSREPLACEMECurator of Cryptic Charts	G	common	Creature — Human Scout 	125	G	1G	Wayfarer (If you’ve spent WUBRG this turn, discover L’Or.)
T: Untap target land you control. If you’ve discovered L’Or, you may have that land become a 4/4 Elemental creature with haste until end of turn.	1/2		normal	GSSREPLACEMELake Cave Lurker	G	common	Creature — Fish Serpent 	133	G	1G	When Lake Cave Lurker dies, create a Treasure token.	3/1		normal	GSSREPLACEMEFrigate Architect	G	common	Creature — Dwarf Advisor 	128	G	3G	When Frigate Architect enters the battlefield, create a 4/4 colorless Vehicle artifact token with crew 1.	1/1		normal	GSSREPLACEMEGreensea Brute	G	common	Creature — Merfolk Pirate 	130	G	2G	Shipwright 1 (When this enters, put a +1/+1 counter on it or a Vehicle you control.)
Creatures you control with +1/+1 counters on them have trample.	2/2		normal	GSSREPLACEMECopse Creeper	G	common	Creature — Treefolk 	124	G	2G	When Copse Creeper dies, mill three cards.
4G, Exile Copse Creeper from your graveyard: Create a 4/1 black and green Zombie Treefolk token. It can’t block this turn.	4/1		normal	GSSREPLACEMEArdent Cartographer	G	common	Creature — Human Scout 	118	G	2G	Wayfarer (If you’ve spent WUBRG this turn, discover L’Or.)
Whenever Ardent Cartographer becomes tapped, you may mill two cards. If you’ve discovered L’Or,
you may surveil 2 instead.	3/2		normal	GSSREPLACEMETrench Leviathan	G	common	Creature — Leviathan 	142	G	4G	12: Trench Leviathan gets +5/+5 until end of turn. This ability costs 1 less to activate for each card type among cards in your graveyard.	5/5		normal	GSSREPLACEMEBreaching Serpent	G	common	Creature — Serpent 	121	G	4G	Reach, ward 3	3/5		normal	GSSREPLACEMEFloating Ecocosm	G	common	Creature — Whale 	127	WUBRG	5GG	You may pay WUBRG rather than pay this spell’s mana cost.
Floating Ecocosm can’t be blocked by creatures with power 2 or less.	7/7		normal	GSSREPLACEMEVantage Shot	G	common	Instant	144	G	2G	Destroy target artifact, enchantment, or creature with flying.			normal	GSSREPLACEMEThe Mortal Plays God	G	common	Kindred Sorcery — Kraken Revelation 	135	G	G	Fathom 4G (If you cast this by sacrificing a creature or Vehicle and paying the fathom cost reduced by that permanent’s mana value, put this onto the battlefield as a creature after it resolves or loses targets.)
Put a +1/+1 counter on each of up to two target creatures.	3/3		normal	GSSREPLACEMEThe Unknown Welcomes All	G	common	Kindred Sorcery — Kraken Revelation 	143	G	2G	Fathom 5GG (If you cast this by sacrificing a creature or Vehicle and paying the fathom cost reduced by that permanent’s mana value, put this onto the battlefield as a creature after it resolves or loses targets.)
Search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.	5/4		normal	GSSREPLACEMERam	G	common	Instant	138	G	2G	You may pay G and tap any number of untapped creatures you control with total power 3 or greater rather than pay this spell’s cost.
Target creature you control deals damage equal to its power to target creature you don’t control.			normal	GSSREPLACEMEDwarven Gemsmith	WU	common	Creature — Dwarf Artificer 	172	WU	WU	Artifact spells you cast cost 1 less to cast.	2/2		normal	GSSREPLACEMEPutrefied Thrasher	UB	common	Creature — Zombie Serpent 	185	UB	2UB	Decayed (A creature with decayed can’t block. When it attacks, sacrifice it at end of combat.)
When Putrefied Thrasher dies, draw two cards.	5/5		normal	GSSREPLACEMECrain's Devoted	BR	common	Creature — Zombie Pirate 	167	BR	BR	Trample
Whenever Crain’s Devoted attacks, it gets +1/+0 until end of turn for each Curse attached to defending player.	1/2		normal	GSSREPLACEMEStag of Plenty	RG	common	Creature — Elk 	194	RG	2RG	When Stag of Plenty enters the battlefield, search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.
2: Add one mana of any color.	4/4		normal	GSSREPLACEMESanctions Enforcer	WG	common	Creature — Human Pirate 	190	WG	1GW	Each Vehicle you control enters the battlefield with an additional +1/+1 counter on it.	2/3		normal	GSSREPLACEMECoastal Raider	WB	common	Creature — Shark Merfolk Pirate 	163	WB	1WB	Whenever Coastal Raider becomes tapped, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.	3/2		normal	GSSREPLACEMEWithering Wanderers	BG	common	Creature — Zombie Treefolk 	198	BG	5BG	When Withering Wanderers enters the battlefield, draw a card and you gain 4 life.
B/G, Discard Withering Wanderers: Create a Clue token. You gain 2 life. (It’s an artifact with “2, Sacrifice this: Draw a card.”)	4/6		normal	GSSREPLACEMESilversea Titan	UG	common	Creature — Leviathan 	192	UG	6GU	You may cast this spell by paying 3GU and sacrificing a creature or Vehicle rather than pay this spell’s mana cost.
Challenge (This can’t be blocked by more than one creature.)	8/8		normal	GSSREPLACEMEPrecipice Surveyor	UR	common	Creature — Dragon 	184	UR	3UR	Flying
When Precipice Surveyor enters the battlefield, look at the top two cards of your library. Exile one, then put the other on the bottom of your library. You may play the exiled card until the end of your next turn.	3/3		normal	GSSREPLACEMEInspiring Recruitment	WR	common	Sorcery	178	WR	RW	Create two 1/1 white Pirate creature tokens with “This creature crews Vehicles as though its power were 2 greater.”			normal	GSSREPLACEMECitadel Tower		common	Artifact Creature — Wall 	201	C	1	Defender, reach
2: Until end of turn, Citadel Tower crews Vehicles using its toughness rather than its power.	0/3		normal	GSSREPLACEMEUncharted Haven		common	Land	219	C		Uncharted Haven enters the battlefield tapped.
As Uncharted Haven enters the battlefield, choose a color.
T: Add one mana of the chosen color.			normal	GSSREPLACEMEConvincing Bait		common	Artifact	202	C	1	1, T, Sacrifice Convincing Bait: Draw a card.
7, T, Sacrifice Convincing Bait: Destroy target permanent.			normal	GSSREPLACEMEProphetic Prism		common	Artifact	205	C	2	When Prophetic Prism enters the battlefield, draw a card.
1, T: Add one mana of any color.			normal	GSSREPLACEMESeer's Lantern		common	Artifact	206	C	3	T: Add C.
2, T: Scry 1.			normal	GSSREPLACEMEIdyllic Beachfront		common	Land — Plains Island 	212	C		(T: Add W or U.)
Idyllic Beachfront enters the battlefield tapped.			normal	GSSREPLACEMEContaminated Aquifer		common	Land — Island Swamp 	209	C		(T: Add U or B.)
Contaminated Aquifer enters the battlefield tapped.			normal	GSSREPLACEMEGeothermal Bog		common	Land — Swamp Mountain 	210	C		(T: Add B or R.)
Geothermal Bog enters the battlefield tapped.			normal	GSSREPLACEMEWooded Ridgeline		common	Land — Mountain Forest 	221	C		(T: Add R or G.)
Wooded Ridgeline enters the battlefield tapped.			normal	GSSREPLACEMERadiant Grove		common	Land — Forest Plains 	214	C		(T: Add G or W.)
Radiant Grove enters the battlefield tapped.			normal	GSSREPLACEMESunlit Marsh		common	Land — Plains Swamp 	216	C		(T: Add W or B.)
Sunlit Marsh enters the battlefield tapped.			normal	GSSREPLACEMEHaunted Mire		common	Land — Swamp Forest 	211	C		(T: Add B or G.)
Haunted Mire enters the battlefield tapped.			normal	GSSREPLACEMETangled Islet		common	Land — Forest Island 	217	C		(T: Add G or U.)
Tangled Islet enters the battlefield tapped.			normal	GSSREPLACEMEMolten Tributary		common	Land — Island Mountain 	213	C		(T: Add U or R.)
Molten Tributary enters the battlefield tapped.			normal	GSSREPLACEMESacred Peaks		common	Land — Mountain Plains 	215	C		(T: Add R or W.)
Sacred Peaks enters the battlefield tapped.			normal	GSSREPLACEMEBygone Mariner		mythic	Artifact — Vehicle 	5	C	3	When Bygone Mariner enters the battlefield, draw two cards, then discard three cards.
5: Exile target creature card from your graveyard. Create a token that’s a copy of that card except it has decayed and “Tap this creature: Target artifact you control named Bygone Mariner becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.”	8/8		normal	GSMREPLACEMEImperial Butterfly		mythic	Artifact — Vehicle 	12	C	2	Whenever Imperial Butterfly attacks, draw a card.
Whenever an opponent deals combat damage to you, that player gains control of Imperial Butterfly.
Crew 1	3/3		normal	GSMREPLACEMEH.S.S. Dreadnought		mythic	Legendary Artifact — Vehicle 	11	C	5	Menace
Whenever H.S.S. Dreadnought attacks, put a vengeance counter on it, then defending player sacrifices a permanent for each vengeance counter on H.S.S. Dreadnought.
Crew 2	6/6		normal	GSMREPLACEMEDraco Ligneus		mythic	Legendary Artifact — Vehicle 	8	C	5	Flying
When Draco Ligneus enters the battlefield or attacks, exile the top card of your library. You may cast that card. When you don’t, Draco Ligneus deals 3 damage to up to one target creature, planeswalker, or battle.
Crew 3	5/5		normal	GSMREPLACEMEThe Fell Reaper		mythic	Legendary Artifact — Vehicle 	27	C	7	Whenever The Fell Reaper enters the battlefield or attacks, search your library for a Curse card that doesn’t share a name with a Curse attached to target opponent and put it onto the battlefield attached to that player, then shuffle.
You may tap an untapped planeswalker you control rather than pay The Fell Reaper’s crew cost.
Crew 4	13/13		normal	GSMREPLACEMEThe Moon and the Moors		rare	Legendary Artifact — Vehicle 	33	WU	4	Whenever The Moon and the Moors attacks, choose any number —
• Pay W. When you do, return another target nonland permanent you control to its owner’s hand.
• Pay 2U. When you do, return target nonland permanent you don’t control to its owner’s hand.
Crew 2	5/5		normal	GSMREPLACEMEThe Bones and the Brine		rare	Legendary Artifact — Vehicle 	25	UB	3	Whenever The Bones and the Brine attacks, choose any number —
• Pay U. When you do, create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token with decayed.
• Pay 2B. When you do, each player sacrifices a non-Vehicle creature.
Crew 2	4/4		normal	GSMREPLACEMEThe Spite and the Scorn		rare	Legendary Artifact — Vehicle 	35	BR	3	Whenever The Spite and the Scorn attacks, choose any number —
• Pay B. When you do, The Spite and the Scorn deals 2 damage to defending player.
• Pay 2R. When you do, The Spite and the Scorn deals 2 damage to target creature or planeswalker defending player controls.
Crew 2	4/4		normal	GSMREPLACEMEThe Storm and the Cedar		rare	Legendary Artifact — Vehicle 	36	RG	5	Whenever The Storm and the Cedar attacks, choose any number —
• Pay 1R. When you do, target creature can’t block this turn.
• Pay 1G. When you do, target creature you control must be blocked this combat if able.
Crew 2	6/6		normal	GSMREPLACEMEThe Heart and the Soul		rare	Legendary Artifact — Vehicle 	30	WG	4	Whenever The Heart and the Soul attacks, choose any number —
• Pay 2G. When you do, another target creature gets +5/+5 until end of turn.
• Pay 1W. When you do, another target creature gains indestructible until end of turn.
Crew 2	5/5		normal	GSMREPLACEMEThe Mirth and the Misery		rare	Legendary Artifact — Vehicle 	32	WB	2	Whenever The Mirth and the Misery attacks, choose any number —
• Pay W. When you do, target creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn.
• Pay B. When you do, target creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn.
Crew 2	3/3		normal	GSMREPLACEMEThe Flesh and the Fate		rare	Legendary Artifact — Vehicle 	28	BG	4	Whenever The Flesh and the Fate attacks, choose any number —
• Pay B. When you do, return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.
• Pay G. When you do, discard a creature card. If you do, search your library for a creature card, put it into your hand, then shuffle.
Crew 2	5/5		normal	GSMREPLACEMEThe Earth and the Sea		rare	Legendary Artifact — Vehicle 	26	UG	2	Whenever The Earth and the Sea attacks, choose any number —
• Pay G. When you do, until end of turn, target land you control becomes a 3/3 Elemental creature that’s attacking.
• Pay U. When you do, another target creature or land you control can’t be blocked this turn.
Crew 2	3/3		normal	GSMREPLACEMEThe Blood and the Claw		rare	Legendary Artifact — Vehicle 	24	UR	1	Whenever The Blood and the Claw attacks, choose any number —
• Pay 1U. When you do, target creature defending player controls has base power and toughness 0/1 and loses all abilities until end of turn.
• Pay 2R. When you do, target attacking creature you control has base power and toughness 4/4 and gains flying until end of turn.
Crew 2	2/2		normal	GSMREPLACEMEThe Sun and the Spirit		rare	Legendary Artifact — Vehicle 	37	WR	3	Whenever The Sun and the Spirit attacks, choose any number —
• Pay 1R. When you do, create two 1/1 red Pirate creature tokens that are tapped and attacking. Exile them at end of combat.
• Pay 2W. When you do, creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn.
Crew 2	4/4		normal	GSMREPLACEMEBrine Fleet Bay		rare	Legendary Artifact Land — Vehicle 	4	C		T: Add C.
Crew 3 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 3 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	5/5		normal	GSMREPLACEMEThe Great Maw		rare	Legendary Artifact — Vehicle 	29	C	4	Whenever The Great Maw attacks, you may pay 4. If you do, create an 8/8 blue Kraken creature token that’s tapped and attacking. That token gains trample and hexproof until end of turn, then exile The Great Maw until that token leaves the battlefield.
Crew 2	4/4		normal	GSMREPLACEMESuitor of the Wind		uncommon	Legendary Artifact — Vehicle 	22	WU	3	Whenever Suitor of the Wind attacks, you may pay W/UW/U. When you do, tap target noncreature artifact you control. Until end of combat, it becomes a 3/3 artifact creature that’s attacking.
Crew 1	3/3		normal	GSMREPLACEMEThe Foul Omen		uncommon	Legendary Artifact — Vehicle 	9	UB	5	Whenever The Foul Omen attacks, you may pay U/BU/B. When you do, create two 2/2 black Zombie creature tokens with decayed. (It can’t block. When it attacks, sacrifice it at end of combat.)
Crew 3	3/7		normal	GSMREPLACEMEDespair's Emissary		uncommon	Legendary Artifact — Vehicle 	7	BR	4	Whenever Despair’s Emissary attacks, you may pay B/RB/R. When you do, it deals damage equal to the number of enchantments you control to defending player.
Crew 2	5/5		normal	GSMREPLACEMEShining Horizon		uncommon	Legendary Artifact — Vehicle 	19	RG	2	Whenever Shining Horizon attacks, you may pay R/GR/G. When you do, create two tapped Treasure tokens.
Crew 2	3/3		normal	GSMREPLACEMEFrere et Soeur		uncommon	Legendary Artifact — Vehicle 	10	WG	4	Whenever Frere et Soeur attacks, you may pay G/WG/W. When you do, distribute two +1/+1 counters among one or two target creatures and/or Vehicles you control.
Crew 2	5/4		normal	GSMREPLACEMEThe Ashen Cross		uncommon	Legendary Artifact — Vehicle 	2	WB	3	Whenever The Ashen Cross attacks, you may pay W/BW/B. When you do, return target creature card with mana value 4 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield, then sacrifice that creature.
Crew 3	4/4		normal	GSMREPLACEMEThe Abyssal Pilgrim		uncommon	Legendary Artifact — Vehicle 	23	BG	1	Whenever The Abyssal Pilgrim attacks, you may pay B/GB/G. When you do, mill three cards, then you may return a permanent card milled this way to your hand.
Crew 1	2/3		normal	GSMREPLACEMESeaskipper		uncommon	Legendary Artifact — Vehicle 	18	UG	4	Whenever Seaskipper attacks, you may pay G/UG/U. When you do, create a token that’s a copy of target creature you control with mana value 3 or less.
Crew 2	5/5		normal	GSMREPLACEMEThe Scarlet Scourge		uncommon	Legendary Artifact — Vehicle 	34	UR	4	Whenever The Scarlet Scourge attacks, you may pay U/RU/R. When you do, create a 4/4 red Dragon creature token with flying that’s tapped and attacking. Sacrifice that token at end of combat.
Crew 2	4/4		normal	GSMREPLACEMEThe Huntress		uncommon	Legendary Artifact — Vehicle 	31	WR	5	Whenever The Huntress attacks, you may pay R/WR/W. When you do and it’s your first combat phase this turn, untap each attacking Vehicle you control. After this combat phase, there is an additional combat phase.
Crew 4	4/5		normal	GSMREPLACEMEJolly Drifter		uncommon	Artifact — Vehicle 	13	C	4	When Jolly Drifter enters the battlefield, create two 1/1 blue and red Pirate creature tokens.
Crew 2 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 2 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	4/3		normal	GSMREPLACEMEColossal Flagship		uncommon	Artifact — Vehicle 	6	C	2	Colossal Flagship can’t be blocked by more than one creature.
Crew 5 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 5 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	8/5		normal	GSMREPLACEMEWavewrecker		uncommon	Artifact — Vehicle 	38	C	3	Trample
Whenever Wavewrecker deals combat damage to a player, put a +1/+1 counter on it.
Crew 2 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 2 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	4/4		normal	GSMREPLACEMERelentless Destroyer		uncommon	Artifact — Vehicle 	14	C	7	When Relentless Destroyer enters the battlefield, destroy target nonland permanent an opponent controls.
Crew 1 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 1 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	4/5		normal	GSMREPLACEMEAgile Catamaran		common	Artifact — Vehicle 	1	C	1	When Agile Catamaran enters the battlefield under your control, you may search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, then shuffle and put that card on top.
Crew 1 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 1 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	2/2		normal	GSMREPLACEMEShipping Schooner		common	Artifact — Vehicle 	20	C	3	Whenever Shipping Schooner attacks, draw a card, then discard a card.
Crew 1 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 1 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	4/3		normal	GSMREPLACEMESkysail Cutter		common	Artifact — Vehicle 	21	C	2	3: Skysail Cutter gains flying until end of turn.
Crew 1 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 1 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	3/3		normal	GSMREPLACEMERelentless Galleon		common	Artifact — Vehicle 	15	C	4	Menace
Crew 3 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 3 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	6/5		normal	GSMREPLACEMERoyal Patroller		common	Artifact — Vehicle 	16	C	4	Royal Patroller can’t be blocked by creatures with power 1 or less.
Crew 2 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 2 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	5/5		normal	GSMREPLACEMESea Devil		common	Artifact — Vehicle 	17	C	3	T: Each opponent loses 1 life. Activate only if Sea Devil is a creature.
Crew 2 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 2 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	3/4		normal	GSMREPLACEMEBlood Flag Convoy		uncommon	Artifact — Vehicle 	3	C	8	When Blood Flag Convoy enters the battlefield, create a 4/4 colorless Vehicle artifact token with crew 1.
Crew 2 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 2 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	8/8		normal	GSMREPLACEME