Zarax Broodqueen	W	mythic	Creature — Galaxian Noble 	36	W	2WW	Flying, vigilance
1W, T: Create a token that’s a copy of another target creature you control, except it’s a 1/1.	3/4		normal	SHF		!tag testREPLACEMEEnter the Era of Stars	U	mythic	Sorcery	50	U	6UUU	If you haven’t cast a spell named Enter the Era of Stars this game, for the rest of the game, spells you cast have affinity for artifacts. (They cost 1 less to cast for each artifact you control.)
Take an extra turn after this one. Exile Enter the Era of Stars.			normal	SHF		REPLACEMESirocco Cruiser	U	mythic	Creature — Human Pilot 	68	U	3UU	Flying
Whenever an opponent draws a card, create two Junk tokens. (They’re artifacts with “T, Sacrifice this: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”)	3/5		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEThe Black Mask	B	mythic	Legendary Creature — Galaxian Rogue 	79	B	2BB	At the beginning of combat on your turn, put a shadow counter on up to one target creature. (A creature with shadow can block or be blocked by only creatures with shadow.)
Whenever a creature with shadow dies, each opponent loses 2 life and you gain 2 life.	4/5		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEWreckage Ravager	R	mythic	Creature — Dragon 	147	R	3RR	Flying, haste
Whenever Wreckage Ravager attacks or becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, create a Junk token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”)	4/4		normal	SHF		REPLACEMESigrid, the Golden Gunmaiden	R	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Sigrid 	137	R	4RR			[+2]: You get an emblem with “If a red or colorless source you control would deal damage to an opponent or a permanent an opponent controls, it deals that much damage plus 1 instead.”
[0]: Sigrid deals 3 damage to any target.
[-3]: Choose up to one target instant card and up to one target sorcery card in your graveyard. An opponent chooses one of them. Return that card to your hand, then you may cast the other without paying its mana cost. If a card cast this way would be put into your graveyard this turn, exile it instead.	planeswalker	SHF	5	REPLACEMESkinshifting Puma	G	mythic	Creature — Cat Lizard 	172	G	2GG	Deathtouch
Opponents can’t target Skinshifting Puma with the first spell they cast each turn.
Provision: Prevent all damage that would be dealt to Skinshifting Puma this turn. (To provision, pay 3 or sacrifice a nonland permanent with mana value 1 or less.)	4/4		normal	SHF		REPLACEMERoaming Cactegu	G	mythic	Creature — Plant Lizard 	169	G	1G	Vigilance
T, Pay 1 life: Add one mana of any color.
Frontier — As long as there are four or more land types among lands you control and Roaming Cactegu isn’t on the battlefield, it’s a Desert Forest land in addition to its other types.	2/2		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEEvolution Event	G	mythic	Sorcery	157	G	2GGG	Sacrifice any number of creatures. For each creature sacrificed this way, search your library for a creature card with mana value less than or equal to 2 plus the sacrificed creature’s mana value and put it onto the battlefield. Then shuffle.			normal	SHF		REPLACEMEXylo, the Starfallen	WU	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Xylo 	233	WU	2WU			As Xylo enters, exile from your hand and/or graveyard a white or blue card with mana value 1, a white or blue card with mana value 2 or 3, and a white or blue card with mana value 5 or greater.
[+1]: You may cast a copy of a card exiled with Xylo with mana value 1 without paying its mana cost.
[-2]: You may cast a copy of a card exiled with Xylo with mana value 2 or 3 without paying its mana cost.
[-6]: You may cast a copy of a card exiled with Xylo with mana value 5 or greater without paying its mana cost.	planeswalker	SHF	4	REPLACEMEEli, Wistful Drifter	WB	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Eli 	198	WB	1WB			Artifacts you control have “T, Sacrifice this artifact: It deals 1 damage to any target. Activate only as a sorcery.”
[+1]: Mill two cards, then you may return a nonland permanent card with mana value 2
or less from your graveyard to your hand.
[-2]: Eli deals 3 damage to any target that was dealt damage this turn and you gain 3 life.	planeswalker	SHF	3	REPLACEMEInterstellar Realignment	WUR	mythic	Instant — Projectile 	210	WUR	2URW	Exile up to one target nonland permanent.			spli	SHF			WR	Instant — Projectile 	WUR		Search your library for an instant or sorcery card with mana value other than 5, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle. Create three Treasure tokens.				REPLACEMEThe Blood Meridian	BR	mythic	Legendary Enchantment	190	BR	1BR	All spells have “As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a nonlegendary permanent.”
3BBRR, Sacrifice The Blood Meridian: Each player’s life total becomes 1.			normal	SHF		REPLACEMERusty, Sidewinders Brass	BRG	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Xiong Mao 	221	BRG	1BRG			[+1]: Create a Junk token.
[-3]: You may provision. When you do, search your library for a creature card with mana value 4 or less, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle. (To provision, pay 3 or sacrifice a nonland permanent with mana value 1 or less.)
[-6]: You get an emblem with “Whenever you sacrifice a nonland permanent, each other player sacrifices a nonland permanent.”	planeswalker	SHF	4	REPLACEMEStalker of the Bogs	UBG	mythic	Creature — Wolf 	226	UBG	1BGU	Flash
Menace, trample
When Stalker of the Bogs enters, target opponent reveals their hand. Choose a nonland card with mana value 3 or less from it. That player exiles the chosen card, then draws a card. Until end of turn, you may cast the exiled card without paying its mana cost and as though it has flash.	3/2		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEAmelia Hawkeye Hayes	WR	mythic	Legendary Creature — Human Mercenary 	188	WR	2RW	At the beginning of combat on your turn, arm target creature you control. If it’s equipped twice, it gains indestructible until end of turn. (Create a colorless Equipment artifact token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 2 attached to it.)
Whenever Amelia attacks, she deals damage to any target equal to the number of Equipments attached to attacking creatures you control. You gain that much life.	3/4		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEThe Twilight Riders	WBR	mythic	Legendary Creature — Galaxian Mercenary 	229	WBR	RWB	Triple strike (This creature deals first-strike, regular, and last-strike combat damage.)
Deadeye — 3: Untap up to three target creatures you control. After this combat phase, there is an additional combat phase. (The first time this deals combat damage to a player each turn, you may activate this ability. It costs 0 if this is equipped.)	1/3		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEThe Starholme Frontier	UG	mythic	Legendary Enchantment	227	UG	4GU	When The Starholme Frontier enters, if you cast it, shuffle your hand and graveyard into your library, then create seven Junk tokens. (They’re artifacts with “T, Sacrifice this: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”)
Frontier — Once each turn, if there are four or more land types among lands you control, you may cast a creature spell without paying its mana cost.			normal	SHF		REPLACEMEThe Apocalypse Dial		mythic	Legendary Artifact	235	C	3	T, Pay 2 life: Look at the top two cards of your library. Put one into your hand and exile the other. Then if you have exactly 14 life and you both own and control The Apocalypse Dial and an artifact named The Apocalypse Pendulum, exile them, then meld them into Azumoth, the Apocalypse.			transform double faced	SHF		Azumoth, the Apocalypse		Legendary Creature — Eldrazi 	C						REPLACEMEThe Smoking Gun		mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Ghariv 	1	C	5			[+1]: Create a colorless Bullet artifact token with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: It deals 1 damage to any target.”
[0]: Until end of turn, target noncreature artifact you control becomes a 4/4 artifact creature. The next time you would activate an ability of that artifact this turn, if it’s tapped, you may pay 0 rather than pay that ability’s costs.
[-6]: Exile each permanent that’s one or more colors.	planeswalker	SHF	4	REPLACEMEDrifting Moon	W	rare	Creature — Jellyfish 	11	W	W	Flying, lifelink
Whenever an ability of a permanent an opponent controls triggers for the first time each turn, draw a card unless that player pays 1.	1/1		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEOpportune Musketeer	W	rare	Creature — Galaxian Mercenary 	23	W	1W	When Opportune Musketeer enters, search your library for an Equipment card with mana value 3 or less, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.
Deadeye — W: Each player draws a card. (The first time this deals combat damage to a player each turn, you may activate this ability. It costs 0 if this is equipped.)	1/2		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEAnnie White Rose Harper	W	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Mercenary 	2	W	1WW	Vigilance
When Annie enters, create Scooter, a legendary 2/1 white Dog creature token with “This creature has indestructible during your turn as long as you control a Human.”
Whenever Annie and at least three other creatures attack, creatures you control get +1/+0 until end of turn.	1/3		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEProcession of the Alliance	W	rare	Sorcery	24	W	1WW	As an additional cost to cast this spell, provision. (To provision, pay 3 or sacrifice a nonland permanent with mana value 1 or less.)
Look at the top ten cards of your library. For each mana value 1, 2, and 3, you may put a creature card with that mana value from among the revealed cards onto the battlefield. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.			normal	SHF		REPLACEMESunset Over Pike's Chapel	W	rare	Enchantment	32	W	3W	When Sunset Over Pike’s Chapel enters, you gain 5 life.
Each player who cast a spell this turn can’t attack, and each player who attacked this turn can’t cast spells.			normal	SHF		REPLACEMEBlessing of the Twin Suns	W	rare	Instant — Projectile 	5	W	1W	Until your next turn, target permanent you control gains protection from everything. (It can’t be targeted, dealt damage, enchanted, or equipped by anything.)			spli	SHF			W	Instant — Projectile 	W		Until your next turn, you can’t lose life, you can’t lose the game, and your opponents can’t win the game.				REPLACEMEJack Flash Jacobs	U	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Rogue 	55	U	2UU	Flash
When Jack enters, exile target spell until Jack leaves the battlefield.
Deadeye — 4UU: You may cast a card exiled with Jack without paying its mana cost. (The first time this deals combat damage to a player each turn, you may activate this ability. It costs 0 if this is equipped.)	2/2		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEShadow Puppeteer	U	rare	Creature — Human Bard 	67	U	2U	Ward 2 (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player pays 2.)
Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, you may return another creature you control to its owner’s hand. If that spell has mana value 5 or greater, create a token that’s a copy of that creature.	2/4		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEAione, the First Galaxian	U	rare	Legendary Creature — Galaxian Pilot 	39	U	1U	When Aione enters, create a 3/3 colorless Vehicle artifact token with flying and crew 2. (It has “Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 1 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.”)
Whenever you cast your second spell each turn, draw a card, then discard a card.	1/1		normal	SHF		REPLACEMELunar Fallout	U	rare	Enchantment	58	U	1U	Creature spells you cast cost 2 less to cast.
If a creature would enter under your control and you cast it, instead it enters as a noncreature artifact with “2: This artifact becomes a creature and loses this ability.”			normal	SHF		REPLACEMECanyon Maraterra	U	rare	Creature — Whale 	44	U	6UU	Flying
This spell can’t be countered.
At the beginning of your end step, untap up to four lands with different land types.
Frontier — Whenever Canyon Maraterra attacks, if there are four or more land types among lands you control, draw cards until you have four cards in your hand.	6/6		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEAd Astra	U	rare	Sorcery — Projectile 	38	U	2UU	Look at the top four cards of your library. Put two into your hand and the rest on the bottom in any order.			spli	SHF			U	Sorcery — Projectile 	U		Create a 0/0 blue Elemental creature token with “This creature gets +1/+1 for each card in your hand.”				REPLACEMENox, the Graven Gunman	B	rare	Legendary Creature — Galaxian Rogue 	98	B	1B	When Nox enters, if you cast him from your hand, arm him. (Create a colorless Equipment artifact token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 2 attached to it.)
Equipments stay attached to Nox as he moves to any zone other than a player’s hand or library.
1B, Sacrifice an Equipment attached to Nox: Return him from your graveyard to the battlefield. He can’t block this turn.	2/1		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEShadowband Posse	B	rare	Creature — Galaxian Rogue 	105	B	2BB	Menace, deathtouch
Deadeye — 1B, Sacrifice another creature: Draw two cards and you lose 2 life. (The first time this deals combat damage to a player each turn, you may activate this ability. It costs 0 if this is equipped.)	2/5		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEDebt Collectors	B	rare	Creature — Human Rogue 	83	B	1BB	Ward—Discard a card.
Whenever Debt Collectors attacks, destroy target creature defending player controls unless they have you create two tapped Treasure tokens.
10: Each opponent loses 10 life and you gain 10 life.	3/3		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEThe Gallows at Whiskey Bend	B	rare	Legendary Enchantment	88	B	2BB	When The Gallows at Whiskey Bend enters, target creature gets -4/-4 until end of turn.
At the beginning of your end step, if a creature died this turn, create a Junk token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”)			normal	SHF		REPLACEMEXiong Mao, a.k.a. Rusty	B	rare	Sorcery	110	B	3BB	Destroy target creature or planeswalker. Create a token that’s a copy of it, except it’s a 3/3 red Panda Mercenary creature in addition to its other colors and types.			normal	SHF		REPLACEMESpray and Pray	B	rare	Sorcery — Projectile 	107	B	4BB	Destroy all nonlegendary creatures.			spli	SHF			B	Sorcery — Projectile 	B		Put up to one target legendary creature card from a graveyard onto the battlefield under your control.				REPLACEMEGearworks Pest	R	rare	Creature — Scorpion 	125	R	R	Menace
Whenever Gearworks Pest attacks, you may sacrifice a non-Junk artifact. If you do, put a +1/+1 counter on Gearworks Pest and create a Junk token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”)	1/2		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEKaelan Nova, Starsplitter	R	rare	Legendary Creature — Galaxian Mercenary 	130	R	1RR	Prowess (Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)
Whenever you cast a spell from anywhere other than your hand, create an X/1 red Elemental creature token with haste, where X is that spell’s mana value. Exile that token at the beginning of the next end step.	2/2		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEFireball Bootleggers	R	rare	Creature — Human Mercenary 	121	R	2RR	Haste
Deadeye — 2RR: Fireball Bootleggers deals 4 damage to any target. (The first time this deals combat damage to a player each turn, you may activate this ability. It costs 0 if this is equipped.)	4/4		normal	SHF		REPLACEMESkyfissure Dragon	R	rare	Creature — Dragon 	138	R	4RR	Flying
Frontier — Whenever Skyfissure Dragon attacks, if there are four or more land types among lands you control, create a token that’s a copy of target attacking creature you control, except it’s a 3/3 Dragon with flying in addition to its other types. Exile that token at end of combat.	5/5		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEVolatile Machinations	R	rare	Enchantment	145	R	3R	At the beginning of your upkeep, create a Junk token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”)
3RR, Sacrifice ten artifacts: Volatile Machinations deals 20 damage to any target.			normal	SHF		REPLACEMEChase the Ace	R	rare	Sorcery — Projectile 	115	R	3R	Chase the Ace deals 6 damage to any nonplayer target.			spli	SHF			R	Sorcery — Projectile 	R		Discover 3. (Exile cards from the top of your library until you exile a nonland card with mana value 3 or less. Cast it without paying its mana cost or put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom in a random order.)				REPLACEMEVerdurous Sibyl	G	rare	Creature — Galaxian Druid 	180	G	1G	T: Add G.
T, Provision: Reveal the top three cards of your library and choose a permanent card from among them. If it’s a land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped. Otherwise, put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order. (To provision, pay 3 or sacrifice a nonland permanent with mana value 1 or less.)	2/2		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEBarbed Cactimber	G	rare	Creature — Plant Treefolk 	150	G	3GG	Reach
When Barbed Cactimber enters, create two 1/1 green Plant creature tokens with deathtouch.
Whenever a creature you control attacks alone, it must be blocked this combat if able.	3/3		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEScourge of Devil's Spine	G	rare	Creature — Wurm 	170	G	5GG	This spell can’t be countered.
Vigilance
Frontier — Whenever an opponent casts a noncreature spell, if there are four or more land types among lands you control, you may have Scourge of Devil’s Spine fight target creature that player controls. If they control no creatures, draw a card instead.	7/7		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEWhere the Wild Things Are	G	rare	Enchantment	185	G	2GG	Whenever Where the Wild Things Are or a land you control enters, create a 3/1 green Beast creature token.
Frontier — As long as there are four or more land types among lands you control, creatures you control get +1/+1 and have trample.			normal	SHF		REPLACEMECross the Verge	G	rare	Sorcery	156	G	G	Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.
Frontier — If there are four or more land types among lands you control, instead search your library for a creature or land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.			normal	SHF		REPLACEMETactical Emesis	G	rare	Sorcery — Projectile 	177	G	1G	Create a green 3/1 Beast creature token.			spli	SHF			G	Sorcery — Projectile 	G		Until end of turn, up to one target creature you control gains trample and “Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, draw two cards.”				REPLACEMEThe Varathian Consulate	WU	rare	Legendary Creature — Galaxian Advisor 	231	WU	2WU	Whenever a permanent you control enters the battlefield from exile or you cast a spell from exile, draw a card and you gain 2 life.
1WU: Exile target creature. Return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control at the beginning of your next upkeep. Activate only during your turn.	3/4		normal	SHF		REPLACEMECloudbreacher Oktujo	WU	rare	Creature — Fish 	194	WU	5WU	Flying, ward 2
Creature tokens you control have flying.
Whenever Cloudbreacher Oktujo attacks, create a number of attacking 3/1 green Beast creature tokens equal to one plus the number of spells you’ve cast this turn. Exile those tokens at end of combat.	4/4		normal	SHF		REPLACEMECut from the Same Cloth	UB	rare	Enchantment	197	UB	1UB	Whenever you cast a creature spell, you may pay life equal to its mana value. If you do, copy it, except the copy isn’t legendary. (A copy of a permanent spell resolves as a token.)			normal	SHF		REPLACEMEGoon Squad	UB	rare	Legendary Creature — Galaxian Mercenary 	204	UB	3UB	Menace
Deadeye — 1UB: Exile the top three cards of defending player’s library. You may cast a card exiled this way without paying its mana cost. (The first time this deals combat damage to a player each turn, you may activate this ability. It costs 0 if this is equipped.)	5/5		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEThe Siege at Cutler's Corral	BR	rare	Legendary Enchantment	224	BR	2BR	At the beginning of combat on your turn, put a bone counter on The Siege at Cutler’s Corral, then return up to one target creature card with mana value less than or equal to the number of bone counters on The Siege at Cutler’s Corral from your graveyard to the battlefield. It gains haste. Exile it at end of combat.			normal	SHF		REPLACEMEPreacher Moore	BR	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Mercenary 	219	BR	BR	Preacher Moore has indestructible as long as it’s your turn.
Creatures you control have “Deadeye — 2: Defending player gets a sin counter. Then if that player has seven or more sin counters, they lose the game.” (The first time a creature deals combat damage to a player each turn, you may activate its deadeye ability. It costs 0 if it’s equipped.)	2/2		normal	SHF		REPLACEMERavenous Cactyrant	RG	rare	Creature — Plant Dragon 	220	RG	2RG	When Ravenous Cactyrant enters, destroy target artifact or enchantment an opponent controls.
Frontier — Ravenous Cactyrant has flying and trample as long as there are four or more land types among lands you control.	4/4		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEHunted Sandwurm	RG	rare	Creature — Wurm 	208	RG	1RG	Trample
At the beginning of each opponent’s upkeep, that player creates two 1/1 white Mercenary creature tokens. They gain haste.
Whenever another creature attacks, Hunted Sandwurm fights it.	6/6		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEJuniper Greenthumb Carter	WG	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Scout 	212	WG	1GW	You may play an additional land on each of your turns.
Frontier — At the beginning of combat on your turn, if there are four or more land types among lands you control, you may have target land you control become a 3/3 Elemental creature with vigilance and haste. It’s still a land.	3/3		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEAmberhorn Bear	WG	rare	Creature — Bear 	187	WG	GW	Vigilance, lifelink
Activated abilities of planeswalkers and artifacts cost 2 more to activate.	2/3		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEMarketto, the Trafficker	WB	rare	Legendary Creature — Galaxian Rogue 	214	WB	1WB	W, T, Pay 1 life: Create a 1/1 white Mercenary creature token.
1B, T, Pay 2 life: Draw a card.
2WB, T, Pay 4 life: Destroy target artifact, enchantment, or planeswalker.	2/4		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEMorris and the Lacy Gang	WB	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Mercenary 	217	WB	3WB	At the beginning of combat on your turn, arm target creature you control. Then if you control an equipped creature with flying, all equipped creatures you control gain flying until end of turn. The same is true for agile, first strike, double strike, deathtouch, haste, lifelink, menace, reach, trample, and vigilance. (Create a colorless Equipment artifact token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 2 attached to it.)	3/4		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEThe Folly of Yesteryear	BG	rare	Enchantment	199	BG	1BG	Once each turn during each of your turns, you may cast a permanent card from your graveyard by provisioning in addition to paying that card’s mana cost. It enters with a finality counter on it. (To provision, pay 3 or sacrifice a nonland permanent with mana value 1 or less.)			normal	SHF		REPLACEMEHound of the Hellbreak	BG	rare	Legendary Creature — Demon Dog 	207	BG	2BG	Trample
At the beginning of each combat, an opponent may have a creature they control fight Hound of the Hellbreak. If they do, tap Hound of the Hellbreak.
At the beginning of each end step, if two or more creatures died this turn, you may draw a card. If you do, each player loses 2 life.	6/6		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEMake Sense from Scrap	UG	rare	Sorcery	213	UG	8GU	As an additional cost to cast this spell, you may sacrifice any number of artifact tokens. This spell costs 2 less to cast for each token sacrificed this way.
Look at the top eight cards of your library. Choose any number of nonland cards from among them with total mana value 8 or less and cast them without paying their mana costs. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.			normal	SHF		REPLACEMEOktujo Shepherd	UG	rare	Creature — Galaxian Scout 	218	UG	2GU	Ward 1 (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player pays 1.)
Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, create a 3/1 green Beast creature token. Then if that spell has mana value 5 or greater, for each token you control, create a copy of that token.	3/4		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEClementine Cogs Faraday	UR	rare	Legendary Creature — Galaxian Artificer 	193	UR	1UR	Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, create a Junk token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”)
Spells you cast from exile cost 1 less to cast.	2/3		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEImpavid Trailblazer	UR	rare	Creature — Galaxian Scout 	209	UR	3UR	Frontier — Whenever Impavid Trailblazer enters or attacks, if there are four or more land types among lands you control, discover 4. (Exile cards from the top of your library until you exile a nonland card with mana value 4 or less. Cast it without paying its mana cost or put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom in a random order.)	4/5		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEShootout at the Mesa	WR	rare	Sorcery	223	WR	1RWW	Choose target creature you control and target creature you don’t control. Destroy the rest. Those creatures’ controllers arm them, then they fight each other. (Create colorless Equipment artifact tokens with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 2 attached to them.)			normal	SHF		REPLACEMECarson Livewire Legette	WR	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Mercenary 	192	WR	RW	Haste, agile (This creature deals combat damage first as long as it’s attacking.)
The first equip cost you pay each turn costs 4 less.
Deadeye — 1: Put a +1/+1 counter on Carson. (The first time this deals combat damage to a player each turn, you may activate this ability. It costs 0 if this is equipped.)	2/1		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEGalaxian's Best Friend		rare	Artifact Creature — Junk Dog 	240	C	1	Haste
T, Sacrifice Galaxian’s Best Friend: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.
You may cast Galaxian’s Best Friend from your graveyard by sacrificing a non-Dog artifact in addition to paying its other costs.	1/1		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEFractured Turbine		rare	Artifact	239	C	4	T: Copy target triggered ability you control. You may choose new targets for the copy.			normal	SHF		REPLACEMEGunslinger's Leatherworks		rare	Artifact — Equipment 	241	C	2	Equipped creature gets +3/+1 and has first strike.
Equip equipped creature 0			normal	SHF		REPLACEMERunaway Freight		rare	Artifact — Vehicle 	244	C	3	Trample, haste
When Runaway Freight dies, if it’s a creature, create three Junk tokens. (They’re artifacts with “T, Sacrifice this: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”)
Sacrifice another permanent: Runaway Freight becomes a creature until end of turn.	5/1		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEConsulate Bellwether		rare	Legendary Artifact — Vehicle 	237	C	5	Flying
When Consulate Bellwether enters, draw a card.
At the beginning of combat on your turn, you may put a creature card with mana value 3 or less from your hand onto the battlefield. That creature crews Consulate Bellwether this turn if able. Return that creature to your hand at end of combat.
Crew 3	5/5		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEVarathian Watchtower		rare	Land — Tower 	270	C		T: Add C.
T, Pay 2 life: Target creature can’t attack this turn.			normal	SHF		REPLACEMECrystalline Clutches		rare	Land — Mine 	255	WUBRG		T: Add C. Put a gem counter on Crystalline Clutches.
4, T: Add WUBRG. Activate only if there are five or more gem counters on Crystalline Clutches.			normal	SHF		REPLACEMETransuding Grotto		rare	Land — Cave 	266	C		T: Add C.
1, T: Sacrifice another land. When you do, Transuding Grotto becomes a copy of that land, except it’s a Cave in addition to its other types. Search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	SHF		REPLACEMEThe Slaughterhills		rare	Land — Lair 	262	C		T: Add C.
4, T: Create Flesh, a 5/3 red Cat legendary creature token with menace, and Bones, a 3/5 black Dog legendary creature token with deathtouch. Activate only if four or more creatures died this turn and only once.			normal	SHF		REPLACEMEGalactic Reach		rare	Land — Gate 	256	C		T: Add C.
Frontier — 2, T: Add two mana of different colors. This ability costs 1 less to activate if there are four or more land types among lands you control.			normal	SHF		REPLACEMELaden Steed	W	uncommon	Creature — Horse 	17	W	W	When Laden Steed enters, arm target creature you control. (Create a colorless Equipment artifact token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 2 attached to it.)	1/1		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEZarax Duelist	W	uncommon	Creature — Galaxian Mercenary 	37	W	1W	Flying
Whenever Zarax Duelist attacks, target Human you control gets +1/+1 and gains flying until end of turn.	1/2		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEBoot Hill Liberator	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Mercenary 	6	W	1W	Equipped creatures you control get +0/+1.
1, T: Arm each creature that entered the battlefield this turn. (Create a colorless Equipment artifact token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 2 attached to it.)	2/2		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEHissing Sunspitter	W	uncommon	Creature — Lizard Horse 	16	W	2W	Whenever you cast a spell, if it’s the second spell you cast this turn, creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn. If it’s the third spell you cast this turn, creatures you control gain first strike until end of turn.	3/3		normal	SHF		REPLACEMELuke The Duke McCall	W	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Human Mercenary 	21	W	2W	When Luke enters, search your library for up to two cards named McCall .45 Special and put them onto the battlefield, then shuffle.
Equip costs you activate cost 1 less to activate. This can’t reduce the cost to less than one mana.	2/2		normal	SHF		REPLACEMESandsteppe Trooper	W	uncommon	Creature — Galaxian Scout 	27	W	3WW	Agile (This creature deals combat damage first as long as it’s attacking.)
Deadeye — 2W: Return target creature card with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield. (The first time this deals combat damage to a player each turn, you may activate this ability. It costs 0 if this is equipped.)	5/3		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEVarathian Foragers	W	uncommon	Creature — Galaxian Scout 	35	W	3W	At the beginning of combat on your turn, target creature you control gains “When this creature dies, if it was equipped, draw two cards” until end of combat.	2/5		normal	SHF		REPLACEMECaravan Sideshow	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Bard 	8	W	4W	Lifelink
When Caravan Sideshow enters, exile target creature an opponent controls until target Galaxian you control leaves the battlefield.	4/5		normal	SHF		REPLACEMECharitable Oktujo	W	uncommon	Creature — Beast 	10	W	3W	Whenever Charitable Oktujo enters or attacks, you may provision. (To provision, pay 3 or sacrifice a nonland permanent with mana value 1 or less.)
Whenever you provision, target creature you control gains agile and lifelink until end of turn. (It deals combat damage first as long as it’s attacking.)	3/3		normal	SHF		REPLACEMECelestial Disturbance	W	uncommon	Instant	9	W	W	Exile target creature. That card’s owner may cast it for as long as it remains exiled. If you own it, you may pay 0 rather than pay that card’s mana cost.			normal	SHF		REPLACEMEQuickdraw Revolver	W	uncommon	Artifact — Equipment 	25	W	2W	Flash
When Quickdraw Revolver enters, attach it to target creature you control.
Equipped creature gets +2/+0 and has agile. (That creature deals combat damage first as long as it’s attacking.)
Equip 2			normal	SHF		REPLACEMELeave in the Dust	W	uncommon	Sorcery	18	W	1W	Exile target creature or planeswalker. Its controller creates a Junk token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”)			normal	SHF		REPLACEMEA Long Road Ahead	W	uncommon	Enchantment	20	W	2W	When A Long Road Ahead enters, create a 1/1 white Mercenary creature token.
Whenever you provision, draw a card.			normal	SHF		REPLACEMEThe Shot That Saved Skyhaven	W	uncommon	Sorcery — Projectile 	29	W	3W	Reveal the top five cards of your library. You may put a creature card with mana value 3 or less from among them onto the battlefield. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.			spli	SHF			W	Sorcery — Projectile 	W		Distribute three +1/+1 counters among any number of target creatures you control.				REPLACEMESkyhaven Deputy	U	uncommon	Creature — Human Mercenary 	69	U	1U	Vigilance
5, T: Draw a card. This ability costs X less to activate, where X is the greatest mana value among noncreature spells you cast this turn.	2/2		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEEphemeral Fennec	U	uncommon	Creature — Fox 	51	U	1U	Whenever you cast a spell from anywhere other than your hand, you may draw a card. If you do, discard a card.	1/4		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEAkimbo Specialist	U	uncommon	Creature — Galaxian Mercenary 	40	U	2U	Akimbo Specialist can’t be blocked by creatures with power 3 or greater.
Deadeye — 1U: Target creature phases out until your next turn. (The first time this deals combat damage to a player each turn, you may activate this ability. It costs 0 if this is equipped.)	3/2		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEBack Country Navigator	U	uncommon	Creature — Human Rogue 	42	U	2U	When Back Country Navigator enters, arm target creature you control. That creature can’t be blocked this turn. (Create a colorless Equipment artifact token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 2 attached to it.)	1/4		normal	SHF		REPLACEMESlicky Glump	U	uncommon	Creature — Lizard 	70	U	2UU	When Slicky Glump enters, choose up to one target instant or sorcery card in your graveyard. If its mana value is 2 or less, exile it, then cast a copy of it without paying its mana cost. If its mana value is 5 or greater, return it to your hand.	2/2		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEKono, Galvanic Gunman	U	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Galaxian Rogue 	56	U	3U	Whenever you cast a spell, if it’s the second spell you cast this turn, create a token copy of target nonlegendary creature you control, except it has base power and toughness 1/1. If it’s the third spell you cast this turn, put two +1/+1 counters on target creature you control that entered the battlefield this turn.	3/3		normal	SHF		REPLACEMECrimson Sea Glider	U	uncommon	Creature — Human Mercenary 	47	U	3UU	Flying
Deadeye — 2U: Draw a card. (The first time this deals combat damage to a player each turn, you may activate this ability. It costs 0 if this is equipped.)	4/3		normal	SHF		REPLACEMECrash Site Curators	U	uncommon	Creature — Galaxian Artificer 	46	U	5U	When Crash Site Curators enters, up to two target artifacts you control become artifact creatures with base power and toughness 4/4 for as long as Crash Site Curators remains on the battlefield.	4/4		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEScrapper's Shank	U	uncommon	Artifact — Equipment 	66	U	U	Equipped creature gets +1/+0 and has “Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, create a Junk token.” (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”)
Equip 2			normal	SHF		REPLACEMERun Off the Tracks	U	uncommon	Enchantment — Aura 	63	U	1U	Flash
Enchant creature or artifact
Enchanted permanent is a colorless Junk artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery” and loses all other card types and abilities.			normal	SHF		REPLACEMEMagnetic Flux	U	uncommon	Instant	59	U	3U	This spell costs 1 less to cast for each artifact token you control.
Counter target spell unless its controller pays 3.			normal	SHF		REPLACEMEThis Town Ain't Big Enough	U	uncommon	Instant	72	U	4U	This spell costs 3 less to cast if it targets a permanent you control.
Return up to two nonland permanents to their owners’ hands.			normal	SHF		f!reprintREPLACEMEQualms of Conscience	U	uncommon	Enchantment — Aura 	61	U	3UU	Enchant creature
You control enchanted creature.
Enchanted creature is a white Mercenary with base power and toughness 1/1.			normal	SHF		REPLACEMEStarshard	U	uncommon	Sorcery — Projectile 	71	U	2U	Return up to one target instant card from your graveyard to your hand.			spli	SHF			U	Sorcery — Projectile 	U		Return up to one target sorcery card not named Starshard from your graveyard to your hand.				REPLACEMESubterranean Ravager	B	uncommon	Creature — Mole 	108	B	B	When Subterranean Ravager enters or dies, mill three cards.	1/1		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEGrim Visionary	B	uncommon	Creature — Galaxian Mercenary 	90	B	B	Menace
Whenever Grim Visionary attacks, target Human you control gets +1/+1 and gains menace until end of turn.	1/2		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEBackland Scrounger	B	uncommon	Creature — Human Mercenary 	76	B	1B	Deadeye — Pay 3 life: Create a Junk token. (The first time this deals combat damage to a player each turn, you may activate this ability. It costs 0 if this is equipped. A Junk token is an artifact with “T: Sacrifice this: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”)	2/2		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEPestilent Ghelhound	B	uncommon	Creature — Dog 	99	B	1B	Pestilent Ghelhound can’t block.
Whenever you sacrifice a nonland permanent, you may pay 2B. If you do, return Pestilent Ghelhound from your graveyard to the battlefield.	3/1		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEHunter of the Helpless	B	uncommon	Creature — Galaxian Rogue 	92	B	2B	When Hunter of the Helpless enters, arm target creature you control. When you do, each player sacrifices an unequipped creature. (Create a colorless Equipment artifact token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 2 attached to it.)	2/2		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEGhost Town Crier	B	uncommon	Creature — Human Rogue 	89	B	2B	Deathtouch
Deadeye — 1B: Defending player exiles a card from their hand unless they have exactly one card in hand. (The first time this deals combat damage to a player each turn, you may activate this ability. It costs 0 if this is equipped.)	1/4		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEDust Devil Lieutenant	B	uncommon	Creature — Human Rogue 	84	B	2BB	When Dust Devil Lieutenant enters, target creature an opponent controls gets -X/-X until end of turn, where X is 2 plus the greatest power among Galaxians you control.	3/2		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEMr. Skath of the Brain Gang	B	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Galaxian Mercenary 	97	B	3B	When Mr. Skath enters, search your graveyard or library for a card named Dead Man Walkin’ and put it onto the battlefield, then arm it. If you searched your library this way, shuffle. (Create a colorless Equipment artifact token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 2 attached to it.)	2/3		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEPit Cockatrice	B	uncommon	Creature — Cockatrice 	100	B	8B	This spell costs 1 less to cast for each creature card in your graveyard.
As long as a creature card in your graveyard has flying, Pit Cockatrice has flying. The same is true for agile, first strike, double strike, deathtouch, haste, lifelink, menace, reach, trample, and vigilance.	5/5		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEMerciless Plunder	B	uncommon	Sorcery	96	B	1B	Target opponent reveals their hand. You choose a nonland card from it. That player discards that card. Each player creates a Junk token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”)			normal	SHF		REPLACEMETerminal Dehydration	B	uncommon	Instant	109	B	B	As an additional cost to cast this spell, provision. (To provision, pay 3 or sacrifice a nonland permanent with mana value 1 or less.)
Destroy target creature or planeswalker.			normal	SHF		REPLACEMEHunter's Carapace	B	uncommon	Artifact — Equipment 	93	B	3B	When Hunter’s Carapace enters, you may return target creature card with mana value 4 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield, then attach Hunter’s Carapace to it.
Equipped creature gets +1/+0 and has menace.
Equip 2			normal	SHF		REPLACEMECorner the Black Market	B	uncommon	Sorcery	81	B	1BB	Choose two. You may choose the same mode twice —
• Draw a card. You lose 1 life.
• All creatures get -1/-1 until end of turn.			normal	SHF		REPLACEMELever-Action at Nearly-Lethal Range	B	uncommon	Sorcery — Projectile 	95	B	3B	Target player sacrifices the creature they control with the greatest power among creatures they control.			spli	SHF			B	Sorcery — Projectile 	B		Return up to one target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.				REPLACEMESlag Spitter	R	uncommon	Creature — Lizard 	139	R	R	Agile (This creature deals combat damage first as long as it’s attacking.)
Frontier — 2R: Put two +1/+1 counters on Slag Spitter. It deals 2 damage to any target. Activate only if there are four or more land types among lands you control, only as a sorcery, and only once.	1/1		normal	SHF		REPLACEMETrickshot Artist	R	uncommon	Creature — Human Mercenary 	144	R	1R	Whenever you cast a spell from anywhere other than your hand, Trickshot Artist deals damage equal to its power to target opponent.
2R: Trickshot Artist gets +2/+0 until end of turn.	1/3		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEGearworks Supervisor	R	uncommon	Creature — Human Artificer 	126	R	1R	Each Equipment you control is a Junk in addition to its other types and has “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”	2/2		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEBlitzreaver	R	uncommon	Creature — Lizard 	113	R	2R	Haste
Whenever Blitzreaver attacks, you may provision. If you do, target creature defending player controls can’t block this turn. (To provision, pay 3 or sacrifice a nonland permanent with mana value 1 or less.)	3/2		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEDebris Pillager	R	uncommon	Creature — Galaxian Mercenary 	118	R	2R	Whenever Debris Pillager attacks, create a Junk token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”)	4/2		normal	SHF		REPLACEMERavine Thresher	R	uncommon	Creature — Wurm 	134	R	3R	Whenever you sacrifice a nonland permanent, create a 3/1 green Beast creature token. It gains haste. This ability triggers only once each turn.	4/3		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEBeast of the Bluffs	R	uncommon	Creature — Beast 	112	R	3R	Reach
Frontier — When Beast of the Bluffs enters, if there are four or more land types among lands you control, Beast of the Bluffs deals 3 damage to any target.	3/4		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEHemophage Infuser	R	uncommon	Creature — Galaxian Warlock 	129	R	4R	At the beginning of combat on your turn, target creature you control gains “When this creature dies, it deals damage equal to its power to target player or planeswalker” until end of turn.	4/5		normal	SHF		REPLACEMESnatch and Grab	R	uncommon	Instant	140	R	R	Snatch and Grab deals 1 damage to any target. Create a Junk token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”)			normal	SHF		REPLACEMEFire at Shaw's Chapel	R	uncommon	Sorcery	120	R	1RR	Choose up to one target equipped creature, then choose one —
• Fire at Shaw’s Chapel deals 3 damage to the chosen creature.
• Fire at Shaw’s Chapel deals 2 damage to each creature other than the chosen creature.			normal	SHF		REPLACEMEGet the Drop	R	uncommon	Instant	127	R	1R	Arm target creature you control. It gains double strike until end of turn. (Create a colorless Equipment artifact token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 2 attached to it.)			normal	SHF		REPLACEMEBounty Hunting	R	uncommon	Sorcery	114	R	1R	Arm target creature you control. Then it deals damage equal to its power to target creature or planeswalker you don’t control. (Create a colorless Equipment artifact token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 2 attached to it.)			normal	SHF		REPLACEMEGuns A-Blazing	R	uncommon	Instant	128	R	1R	As an additional cost to cast this spell, provision. (To provision, pay 3 or sacrifice a nonland permanent with mana value 1 or less.)
Guns A-Blazing deals 4 damage to any target.			normal	SHF		REPLACEMENow Watch Me Whip	R	uncommon	Sorcery — Projectile 	132	R	RR	Up to two target creatures can’t block this turn.			spli	SHF			R	Sorcery — Projectile 	R		When you cast your next instant or sorcery spell with mana value 4 or less this turn, copy that spell. You may choose new targets for the copy.				REPLACEMESilent Sands Wanderer	G	uncommon	Creature — Galaxian Scout 	171	G	G	When Silent Sands Wanderer enters, create a tapped 3/1 green Beast creature token. It doesn’t untap during your untap step for as long as you control this creature.	1/1		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEBarging Tusker	G	uncommon	Creature — Rhino 	151	G	1G	Trample
Frontier — At the beginning of combat on your turn, if there are four or more land types among lands you control, target creature you control gets +2/+2 until end of turn.	2/2		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEWeathered Survivor	G	uncommon	Creature — Human Mercenary 	184	G	1G	Provision: Weathered Survivor gains indestructible until end of turn. Tap it. (To provision, pay 3 or sacrifice a nonland permanent with mana value 1 or less.)	3/2		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEOktujo Tracker	G	uncommon	Creature — Galaxian Scout 	165	G	2G	At the beginning of combat on your turn, you may provision. (To provision, pay 3 or sacrifice a nonland permanent with mana value 1 or less.)
Whenever you provision, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control.	3/3		normal	SHF		REPLACEMESlobbering Moa	G	uncommon	Creature — Bird 	174	G	2G	Reach
When Slobbering Moa enters, mill four cards, then you may put a land card with a mana ability from your graveyard onto the battlefield tapped.	1/3		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEVirulent Cactaipan	G	uncommon	Creature — Plant Beast 	181	G	1GG	Vigilance, deathtouch	2/4		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEJake's Sentinels	G	uncommon	Creature — Human Mercenary 	159	G	3G	When Jake’s Sentinels enters, create two 1/1 white Mercenary creature tokens.
Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control. If that spell has mana value 5 or greater, put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control instead.	2/2		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEBurgeoning Cactiger	G	uncommon	Creature — Plant Cat 	153	G	3GG	Vigilance
Burgeoning Cactiger can’t be blocked by more than one creature.
Frontier — Burgeoning Cactiger must be blocked each combat if able as long as there are four or more land types among lands you control.	5/5		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEMoss-Laden Leaper	G	uncommon	Creature — Frog 	161	G	4GG	Flash
Reach, trample
When Moss-Laden Leaper enters, destroy target artifact or enchantment.	6/6		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEA New Horizon Calls	G	uncommon	Enchantment	163	G	2G	You may play an additional land on each of your turns.
Lands you control have “T, Sacrifice this land: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”			normal	SHF		REPLACEMEVulture's Bounty	G	uncommon	Instant	182	G	G	Create a Junk token, then target creature you control gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each nonland permanent you control with mana value 1 or less. (They’re artifacts with “T, Sacrifice this: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”)			normal	SHF		REPLACEMEChirring Rig	G	uncommon	Artifact — Equipment 	155	G	3GG	When Chirring Rig enters, create a 1/1 white Mercenary creature token, then attach Chirring Rig to it.
Equipped creature gets +4/+4 and can’t be blocked by more than one creature.
Equip 4			normal	SHF		REPLACEMEWarping Wilds	G	uncommon	Sorcery	183	G	4G	As an additional cost to cast this spell, you may sacrifice up to two lands. This spell costs 1 less to cast for each land sacrificed this way.
Search your library for three land cards that don’t share a type with each other or a land sacrificed to cast Warping Wilds, put them onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	SHF		REPLACEMEAim Skyward	G	uncommon	Instant — Projectile 	148	G	3G	Until your next turn, up to one target creature you control gets +1/+2 and gains reach. Untap it.			spli	SHF			G	Instant — Projectile 	G		Destroy target artifact, enchantment, or creature with flying.				REPLACEMEZarax Supermajor	WU	uncommon	Creature — Galaxian Soldier 	234	WU	1WU	When Zarax Supermajor enters, create a 3/1 green Beast creature token.
Whenever you cast your second spell each turn, put a +1/+1 counter on Zarax Supermajor, then creatures you control gain flying until end of turn.	1/1		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEForce Propulsion	WU	uncommon	Instant — Projectile 	200	WU	WU	Look at the top two cards of your library. Put one into your hand and the other on the bottom of your library.			spli	SHF			WU	Instant — Projectile 	WU	WU	Tap up to one target creature, then put a stun counter on it.				REPLACEMEUnderrift War Merchant	UB	uncommon	Creature — Galaxian Rogue 	230	UB	UB	Menace, deathtouch
Deadeye — 2UB: Look at the top two cards of your library. Put one into your hand and the other into your graveyard. (The first time this deals combat damage to a player each turn, you may activate this ability. It costs 0 if this is equipped.)	1/1		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEGulch Bandit	UB	uncommon	Creature — Human Rogue 	205	UB	1UB	When Gulch Bandit enters, arm target creature you control. (Create a colorless Equipment artifact token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 2 attached to it.)
Equipped creatures you control can’t be blocked unless defending player pays 2 life for each creature blocking them.	3/1		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEMesa Interloper	BR	uncommon	Creature — Galaxian Scout 	216	BR	2BR	1BR, Sacrifice another creature: Create a Junk token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”)
Whenever you sacrifice a nonland permanent, Mesa Interloper deals 1 damage to target player or planeswalker and you gain 1 life.	4/3		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEHotshot Rifle	BR	uncommon	Artifact — Junk Equipment 	206	BR	1BR	Hotshot Rifle enters with two fuel counters on it.
2, Remove a fuel counter from Hotshot Rifle: Equipped creature gets +4/+0 until end of turn.
T, Sacrifice Hotshot Rifle: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.
Equip 1			normal	SHF		REPLACEMEMaverick Mutt	RG	uncommon	Creature — Beast 	215	RG	RG	Trample
Frontier — Maverick Mutt gets +2/+2 if there are four or more land types among lands you control.	2/3		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEWhiptail Manticore	RG	uncommon	Creature — Manticore 	232	RG	2RG	When Whiptail Manticore enters, search your library for a basic land card and a Lair card, reveal them, put one onto the battlefield tapped and the other into your hand, then shuffle.	4/3		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEConsulate Nomads	WG	uncommon	Creature — Galaxian Scout 	195	WG	3GW	Vigilance
Whenever Consulate Nomads attacks, you may provision. If you do, put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control. (To provision, pay 3 or sacrifice a nonland permanent with mana value 1 or less.)	4/4		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEThe Gang's All Here	WG	uncommon	Instant	202	WG	1GW	Create three 1/1 white Mercenary creature tokens.			normal	SHF		REPLACEMEJules, the Beacon	WB	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Human Rogue 	211	WB	1WB	Agile (This creature deals combat damage first as long as it’s attacking.)
Whenever Jules attacks, target attacking Galaxian you control gets +1/+1 and gains lifelink until end of turn.	3/2		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEBarron, the Smoke	WB	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Galaxian Rogue 	189	WB	1WB	Deathtouch
Whenever Barron attacks, target attacking Human you control gets +1/+1 and gains lifelink until end of turn.	2/3		normal	SHF		REPLACEMECosmic Restitcher	BG	uncommon	Creature — Galaxian Warlock 	196	BG	3BG	When Cosmic Restitcher enters, return target permanent card from your graveyard to your hand. If it’s a creature card with mana value 4 or less, return it to the battlefield instead.	2/2		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEBloodsand Gorger	BG	uncommon	Creature — Wurm 	191	BG	2BG	As an additional cost to cast this spell, provision. (To provision, pay 3 or sacrifice a nonland permanent with mana value 1 or less.)
Menace
When Bloodsand Gorger enters, you gain 5 life.	5/5		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEFrilled Starspitter	UG	uncommon	Creature — Lizard 	201	UG	GU	Trample
Whenever you cast a noncreature spell with mana value 5 or greater, Frilled Starspitter gets +3/+3 until end of turn.	2/2		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEGo West	UG	uncommon	Sorcery	203	UG	3GU	Look at the top five cards of your library. You may put a land card from among them onto the battlefield tapped. Put two of the remaining cards into your hand, then put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.			normal	SHF		REPLACEMEShifty Dealer	UR	uncommon	Creature — Human Bard 	222	UR	1UR	Menace
Whenever you cast a spell from anywhere other than your hand, target creature you control gets +2/+0 until end of turn.	3/2		normal	SHF		REPLACEMETumultuous Flare	UR	uncommon	Sorcery — Projectile 	228	UR	UR	You may discard a card. When you do, draw two cards.			spli	SHF			UR	Sorcery — Projectile 	UR	UR	You may discard a card. When you do, Tumultuous Flare deals 4 damage to target creature or planeswalker.				REPLACEMEHot Hands Lurk	WR	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Galaxian Rogue 	186	WR	RW	When “Hot Hands” Lurk enters, arm him. (Create a colorless Equipment artifact token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 2 attached to it.)
As long as “Hot Hands” Lurk is equipped four times, he has base power and toughness 8/8.	2/2		normal	SHF		REPLACEMESix-Shot Sheriff	WR	uncommon	Creature — Human Mercenary 	225	WR	1RW	At the beginning of combat on your turn, target equipped creature you control gains first strike until end of turn. If it’s equipped twice, it gains double strike until end of turn instead.	2/3		normal	SHF		REPLACEMENoxian Visage		uncommon	Artifact Creature — Construct 	243	C	4	When Noxian Visage enters, create a Junk token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”)
Whenever you sacrifice a nonland permanent, put a +1/+1 counter on Noxian Visage.	3/2		normal	SHF		REPLACEMERust Bucket		uncommon	Artifact	245	C	1	3, T: Create a Junk token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”)			normal	SHF		REPLACEMEWrought Grotesque		uncommon	Artifact	251	C	3	T: Add one mana of any color.
Frontier — Wrought Grotesque is a 3/3 Gargoyle artifact creature with flying as long as there are four or more land types among lands you control.			normal	SHF		REPLACEMETrusty Ten-Gallon		uncommon	Artifact — Equipment 	248	C	2	Equipped creature gets +1/+2 and has ward 2. (Whenever it becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player pays 2.)
Equip 2			normal	SHF		REPLACEMEVarathian Caravan		uncommon	Artifact — Vehicle 	249	C	6	When Varathian Caravan enters, create two 3/1 green Beast creature tokens.
Crew 3 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 3 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	6/6		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEThe Eldoria Express		uncommon	Artifact — Vehicle 	238	C	7	When The Eldoria Express enters, destroy target nonland permanent an opponent controls.
Crew 3 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 3 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	5/5		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEStreets of Sunforge		uncommon	Land — Desert 	264	C		T: Add C.
3, T, Sacrifice Streets of Sunforge: Create two Junk tokens. (They’re artifacts with “T, Sacrifice this: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”)			normal	SHF		REPLACEMEVarathian Ootheca		uncommon	Land — Locus 	269	C		T: Add C.
T: Add CC. Activate only if you control an Academy and a Power-Plant.			normal	SHF		REPLACEMEVarathian Battery		uncommon	Land — Power-Plant 	267	C		T: Add C.
3: Until end of turn, Varathian Battery becomes an Elemental creature with power and toughness equal to the number of land types among lands you control. It’s still a Power-Plant land.			normal	SHF		REPLACEMEVarathian Nucleus		uncommon	Land — Academy 	268	C		T: Add C.
T: Add one mana of any color. Activate only if you control a Locus and a Power-Plant.			normal	SHF		REPLACEMEFeisty Scrapper	W	common	Creature — Galaxian Scout 	13	W	W	When Feisty Scrapper enters, create a Junk token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”)	1/2		normal	SHF		REPLACEMESkysteed	W	common	Creature — Fish 	31	W	W	Flying
When Skysteed dies, create a 1/1 white Mercenary creature token.	1/1		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEFleetfinger Five-Shooter	W	common	Creature — Galaxian Mercenary 	14	W	1W	When Fleetfinger Five-Shooter enters, arm it. (Create a colorless Equipment artifact token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 2 attached to it.)	2/1		normal	SHF		REPLACEMERoadside Raconteur	W	common	Creature — Human Bard 	26	W	1W	T, Provision: Tap target creature. (To provision, pay 3 or sacrifice a nonland permanent with mana value 1 or less.)	2/2		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEGalvanized Recruiter	W	common	Creature — Human Mercenary 	15	W	1W	Whenever you cast your second spell each turn, create a 1/1 white Mercenary creature token.	1/3		normal	SHF		REPLACEMESkychaser Trainer	W	common	Creature — Human Scout 	30	W	4WW	Flying
When Skychaser Trainer enters, arm target creature you control. (Create a colorless Equipment artifact token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 2 attached to it.)	3/5		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEEldoria Sureshot	W	common	Creature — Galaxian Mercenary 	12	W	2W	Deadeye — 1W: Put a +1/+1 counter on Eldoria Sureshot. (The first time this deals combat damage to a player each turn, you may activate this ability. It costs 0 if this is equipped.)	3/3		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEBoot Hill Outrider	W	common	Creature — Human Mercenary 	7	W	2W	Vigilance
Whenever Boot Hill Outrider attacks, target Galaxian you control gets +1/+1 until end of turn. Untap it.	3/2		normal	SHF		REPLACEMETradewind Courier	W	common	Creature — Galaxian Scout 	33	W	3W	This spell costs 2 less to cast if you control a Human.
Flying
When Tradewind Courier enters, create a Junk token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”)	2/1		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEUnbridled Colt	W	common	Creature — Horse 	34	W	3W	2W, Provision: Creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn. Activate only during your turn. (To provision, pay 3 or sacrifice a nonland permanent with mana value 1 or less.)	3/4		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEBladetusk Herd	W	common	Creature — Rhino 	4	W	2W	Agile, lifelink (This creature deals combat damage first as long as it’s attacking.)	2/3		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEShoot Your Shot	W	common	Instant	28	W	2W	This spell costs 1 less to cast if you control an equipped creature that’s attacking or blocking.
Shoot Your Shot deals 5 damage to target attacking or blocking creature.			normal	SHF		REPLACEMEBack Where You Came From	W	common	Enchantment	3	W	W	As an additional cost to cast this spell, provision. (To provision, pay 3 or sacrifice a nonland permanent with mana value 1 or less.)
When Back Where You Came From enters, exile target creature or planeswalker an opponent controls until Back Where You Came From leaves the battlefield.			normal	SHF		REPLACEMELong Arm of the Law	W	common	Instant — Projectile 	19	W	1W	Target creature gets +1/+1 and gains first strike until end of turn.			spli	SHF			W	Instant — Projectile 	W		Target creature gets +1/+1 and gains lifelink until end of turn.				REPLACEMEMake Your Move	W	common	Instant	22	W	2W	Destroy target artifact, enchantment, or creature with power 4 or greater.			normal	SHF		f!reprintREPLACEMEZarax Broodling	U	common	Creature — Insect 	74	U	U	Flying
Deadeye — 1U: Draw a card, then discard a card. (The first time this deals combat damage to a player each turn, you may activate this ability. It costs 0 if this is equipped.)	1/1		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEQuickdraw Broker	U	common	Creature — Galaxian Artificer 	62	U	1U	Noncreature spells with mana value 5 or greater and Projectile spells you cast cost 1 less to cast.	1/3		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEFlintlock Lass	U	common	Creature — Human Mercenary 	53	U	1U	Deadeye — 1U: Scry 2. (The first time this deals combat damage to a player each turn, you may activate this ability. It costs 0 if this is equipped.)	2/2		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEItinerant Oktujo	U	common	Creature — Beast 	54	U	2U	Vigilance
Whenever you cast a spell from anywhere other than your hand, Itinerant Oktujo gets +1/+0 until end of turn and can’t be blocked this turn.	2/3		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEFleetfoot Screecher	U	common	Creature — Lizard 	52	U	2U	Whenever you cast your second spell each turn, tap target creature an opponent controls and put a stun counter on it.	3/2		normal	SHF		REPLACEMECorpus Cobbler	U	common	Creature — Human Artificer 	45	U	2U	When Corpus Cobbler enters, create a Junk token for each spell you’ve cast this turn. (They’re artifacts with “T, Sacrifice this: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”)	1/4		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEBreaching Slugsnout	U	common	Creature — Whale 	43	U	3U	Flying
Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, draw a card, then discard a card unless that spell has mana value 5 or greater.	3/3		normal	SHF		REPLACEMESandskiff Raider	U	common	Creature — Galaxian Pilot 	64	U	4U	Flying
When Sandskiff Raider enters, arm target creature you control. (Create a colorless Equipment artifact token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 2 attached to it.)	2/4		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEScrapfield Migrant	U	common	Creature — Beast 	65	U	5U	When Scrapfield Migrant enters, up to one other target creature’s owner puts it into their library second from the top. That player creates a Junk token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”)	5/5		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEOn a Cool Summer's Night	U	common	Instant	60	U	U	Target creature you control gains hexproof until end of turn. Untap it and arm it. (Create a colorless Equipment artifact token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 2 attached to it.)			normal	SHF		REPLACEMELost on the Horizon	U	common	Instant	57	U	1U	Counter target spell unless its controller pays 2.
Frontier — If there are four or more land types among lands you control, counter that spell unless its controller pays 4 instead.			normal	SHF		REPLACEMEAstral Projection	U	common	Sorcery — Projectile 	41	U	1U	Scry 1, then draw a card.			spli	SHF			U	Sorcery — Projectile 	U		Up to one target creature can’t be blocked this turn.				REPLACEMEWreckage of the Starbreaker	U	common	Sorcery	73	U	1U	Create two Junk tokens. (They’re artifacts with “T, Sacrifice this: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”)			normal	SHF		REPLACEMECroak	U	common	Enchantment — Aura 	48	U	U	Enchant creature or planeswalker
Enchanted permanent loses all abilities and is a blue Frog creature with base power and toughness 0/2.			normal	SHF		REPLACEMECrystallize	U	common	Instant	49	U	4U	Tap up to two target creatures and put a stun counter on each of them. Create two Junk tokens. (They’re artifacts with “T, Sacrifice this: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”)			normal	SHF		REPLACEMEDead Man Walkin'	B	common	Creature — Galaxian Mercenary 	82	B	B	Menace
3B: Return Dead Man Walkin’ from your graveyard to the battlefield tapped. Attach target Equipment you control to it. (If you control no Equipments, you can’t activate this ability.)	1/1		normal	SHF		REPLACEMESilent Sands Survivor	B	common	Creature — Human Rogue 	106	B	1B	Provision: Silent Sands Survivor gets +2/+2 until end of turn. Activate only once each turn. (To provision, pay 3 or sacrifice a nonland permanent with mana value 1 or less.)	2/2		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEAr'Ghel Desperado	B	common	Creature — Galaxian Rogue 	75	B	1B	Deathtouch
Whenever Ar’Ghel Desperado attacks, target Human you control gets +1/+1 and gains deathtouch until end of turn.	1/2		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEFen Conservators	B	common	Creature — Human Mercenary 	87	B	2B	Lifelink
Deadeye — 2B: Defending player loses 3 life unless they sacrifice a nonland permanent or discard a card. (The first time this deals combat damage to a player each turn, you may activate this ability. It costs 0 if this is equipped.)	3/2		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEJunkyard Vulture	B	common	Creature — Bird 	94	B	2B	Flying
When Junkyard Vulture enters, mill three cards, then create a Junk token. You lose 1 life. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”)	2/1		normal	SHF		REPLACEMESeeker of Sinner's Court	B	common	Creature — Galaxian Mercenary 	104	B	3B	Menace
Deadeye — 1B: Defending player loses 2 life and you gain 2 life. (The first time this deals combat damage to a player each turn, you may activate this ability. It costs 0 if this is equipped.)	2/4		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEExperiment X	B	common	Creature — Cat 	85	B	3B	As an additional cost to cast this spell, provision. (To provision, pay 3 or sacrifice a nonland permanent with mana value 1 or less.)
Deathtouch	6/5		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEGulch Ranger	B	common	Creature — Human Scout 	91	B	4B	Flying
When Gulch Ranger enters, if you control a Galaxian, target opponent loses 3 life and you gain 3 life.	3/3		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEBet Against Death	B	common	Sorcery	78	B	2B	Return target creature card with mana value 4 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield. Arm it. (Create a colorless Equipment artifact token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 2 attached to it.)			normal	SHF		REPLACEMEFace the Night	B	common	Instant	86	B	B	Choose one or both —
• Arm target creature you control. (Create a colorless Equipment artifact token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 2 attached to it.)
• Target creature you don’t control gets -1/-1 until end of turn.			normal	SHF		REPLACEMERide on the Wild Side	B	common	Instant	102	B	1B	Arm target creature you control. It gains lifelink and indestructible until end of turn. (Create a colorless Equipment artifact token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 2 attached to it.)			normal	SHF		REPLACEMERun Train	B	common	Sorcery	103	B	B	Surveil 2, then create a Junk token. You lose 1 life. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”)			normal	SHF		REPLACEMERetribution for a Gamblin' Man	B	common	Sorcery — Projectile 	101	B	2B	Target opponent reveals their hand, then discards a card with mana value 3 or less.			spli	SHF			B	Sorcery — Projectile 	B		Target opponent reveals their hand, then discards a card with mana value 4 or greater.				REPLACEMEBecome Carrion	B	common	Instant	77	B	1B	Target creature gets -2/-2 until end of turn.
Frontier — If there are four or more land types among lands you control, that creature gets -4/-4 until end of turn instead.			normal	SHF		REPLACEMECome to Collect	B	common	Instant	80	B	4B	Exile target creature. If it wasn’t equipped, surveil 2. (Look at the top two cards of your library, then put any number of them into your graveyard and the rest on top of your library in any order.)			normal	SHF		REPLACEMESalvage Trafficker	R	common	Creature — Galaxian Scout 	136	R	R	When Salvage Trafficker dies, create a Junk token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”)	1/2		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEFuselage Scavenger	R	common	Creature — Human Artificer 	124	R	1R	Whenever you create a noncreature token, Fuselage Scavenger deals 1 damage to each opponent.	2/2		normal	SHF		REPLACEMECrimson Sea Sabertooth	R	common	Creature — Cat 	116	R	2R	Menace
Frontier — Crimson Sea Sabertooth gets +2/+0 as long as there are four or more land types among lands you control.	2/3		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEBadland Hustler	R	common	Creature — Human Mercenary 	111	R	3R	Equipped creatures you control have haste.	3/4		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEDeadheat Duo	R	common	Creature — Human Galaxian Mercenary 	117	R	2R	Provision: Deadheat Duo gains double strike until end of turn. Activate only during your turn. (To provision, pay 3 or sacrifice a nonland permanent with mana value 1 or less.)	1/4		normal	SHF		REPLACEMESunforge Outlaw	R	common	Creature — Galaxian Mercenary 	141	R	2R	At the beginning of your end step, if you sacrificed a permanent this turn, put a +1/+1 counter on Sunforge Outlaw.	3/2		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEWhiskey Bend Marshal	R	common	Creature — Human Mercenary 	146	R	1R	Reach
When Whiskey Bend Marshal enters, arm it. (Create a colorless Equipment artifact token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 2 attached to it.)	0/3		normal	SHF		REPLACEMETerror of Thrasher's Pass	R	common	Creature — Lizard 	143	R	3R	Trample
Whenever you cast a spell from anywhere other than your hand, Terror of Thrasher’s Pass gets +2/+2 until end of turn.	4/3		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEPack Monitor	R	common	Creature — Lizard 	133	R	4R	When Pack Monitor enters, arm up to two target creatures you control. Pack Monitor deals 2 damage to target opponent. (Create a colorless Equipment artifact token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 2 attached to it.)	3/5		normal	SHF		REPLACEMETendril Trap	R	common	Instant	142	R	R	Tendril Trap deals 2 damage to any target.
Frontier — If there are four or more land types among lands you control, Tendril Trap deals 3 damage to that permanent or player instead.			normal	SHF		REPLACEMEFrontier Justice	R	common	Instant	123	R	R	Arm target creature you control. It gains first strike and trample until end of turn. (Create a colorless Equipment artifact token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 2 attached to it.)			normal	SHF		REPLACEMERisky Wager	R	common	Instant	135	R	1R	Discard a card, then draw a card. Create a Junk token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”)			normal	SHF		REPLACEMEDynamite in the Cargo Hold	R	common	Sorcery — Projectile 	119	R	1R	Destroy up to one target artifact.			spli	SHF			R	Sorcery — Projectile 	R		Create a Junk token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”)				REPLACEMEFive-Alarm Firearm	R	common	Sorcery	122	R	2R	Five-Alarm Firearm deals 4 damage to target creature. When a creature dealt damage this way would die this turn, its controller sacrifices an Equipment attached to it.			normal	SHF		REPLACEMELock, Stock, and Smoke	R	common	Instant	131	R	4R	Lock, Stock, and Smoke deals 6 damage to target creature or planeswalker. If it would die this turn, exile it instead.			normal	SHF		REPLACEMECactaurus	G	common	Creature — Plant Beast 	154	G	G	Reach
When Cactaurus enters, arm target creature you control. (Create a colorless Equipment artifact token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 2 attached to it.)	0/2		normal	SHF		REPLACEMETravellers on Yonder	G	common	Creature — Human Scout 	179	G	1G	When Travellers on Yonder enters, you may provision. (To provision, pay 3 or sacrifice a nonland permanent with mana value 1 or less.)
Whenever you provision, put a +1/+1 counter on Travellers on Yonder.	2/2		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEStardust Courier	G	common	Creature — Galaxian Scout 	175	G	1G	T: Add one mana of any color.
T: Add CC. Spend this mana only to cast a noncreature spell with mana value 5 or greater.	1/1		normal	SHF		REPLACEMESkyfall Acolyte	G	common	Creature — Human Shaman 	173	G	2G	Vigilance
Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, put a +1/+1 counter on Skyfall Acolyte. If that spell has mana value 5 or greater, you gain 3 life.	2/2		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEMigratory Grazer	G	common	Creature — Anteater 	160	G	2G	When Migratory Grazer enters, you may discard a card. If you do, search your library for a land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.	3/3		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEReedcreeper Posse	G	common	Creature — Galaxian Mercenary 	167	G	1G	When Reedcreeper Posse enters, create a 1/1 green Plant creature token with deathtouch.	1/1		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEStoic Steadhand	G	common	Creature — Human Scout 	176	G	2G	When Stoic Steadhand enters, you may provision. If you do, draw a card. (To provision, pay 3 or sacrifice a nonland permanent with mana value 1 or less.)	2/3		normal	SHF		REPLACEMERhangol Wrangler	G	common	Creature — Galaxian Scout 	168	G	3G	Trample
Deadeye — 2G: Create a 3/1 green Beast creature token. (The first time this deals combat damage to a player each turn, you may activate this ability. It costs 0 if this is equipped.)	4/4		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEOktujo Migration	G	common	Sorcery	164	G	4GG	Create three 3/1 green Beast creature tokens.			normal	SHF		REPLACEMERazorgorge Wurm	G	common	Creature — Wurm 	166	G	4GG	Frontier — This spell costs 2 less to cast if there are four or more land types among lands you control.
Reach	6/6		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEThe Art of the Draw	G	common	Sorcery	149	G	G	Arm target creature you control. It fights target creature you don’t control. (Create a colorless Equipment artifact token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 2 attached to it.)			normal	SHF		REPLACEMEGang Mentality	G	common	Instant	158	G	4G	This spell costs 2 less to cast during your main phase.
Up to two target creatures you control each deal damage equal to their power to target creature an opponent controls.			normal	SHF		REPLACEMETerritorial Domination	G	common	Instant	178	G	1G	Target creature you control gets +3/+3 until end of turn.
Frontier — If there are four or more land types among lands you control, that creature gains trample, hexproof, and indestructible until end of turn.			normal	SHF		REPLACEMENew Growth in Old Haunts	G	common	Enchantment	162	G	2G	When New Growth in Old Haunts enters, search your library for a Forest or Gate card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.
Frontier — 1G, Sacrifice New Growth in Old Haunts: Surveil 2. Activate only if there are four or more land types among lands you control.			normal	SHF		REPLACEMEBristly Landing	G	common	Instant — Projectile 	152	G	1G	Mill three cards. You gain 3 life.			spli	SHF			G	Instant — Projectile 	G		Return up to one target creature or land card from your graveyard to your hand.				REPLACEMEChromatic Star		common	Artifact	236	C	1	1, T, Sacrifice Chromatic Star: Add one mana of any color.
When Chromatic Star is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, draw a card.			normal	SHF		f!reprintREPLACEMESteadfast Reaper		common	Artifact Creature — Scarecrow 	247	C	3	Reach
When Steadfast Reaper enters, arm target creature you control. (Create a colorless Equipment artifact token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 2 attached to it.)	2/2		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEWinestago Freighter		common	Artifact — Vehicle 	250	C	5	Whenever Winestago Freighter enters or attacks, create a Junk token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”)
Crew 4 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 4 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	7/7		normal	SHF		REPLACEMEMcCall .45 Special		common	Artifact — Equipment 	242	C	1	Equipped creature gets +2/+1.
Equip 2			normal	SHF		REPLACEMEStar Chart		common	Artifact	246	C	1	When Star Chart enters, you may search your library for a land card with a nonbasic land type, reveal it, then shuffle and put it on top.
Frontier — 6, T, Sacrifice Star Chart: Exile target nonland permanent. Activate only as a sorcery. This ability costs 2 less to activate if there are four or more land types among lands you control.			normal	SHF		REPLACEMEConduit Pylons		common	Land — Desert 	254	C		When Conduit Pylons enters, surveil 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put it into your graveyard.)
T: Add C.
1, T: Add one mana of any color.			normal	SHF		f!reprintREPLACEMESalt Pool Citadel		common	Land — Tower 	261	WU		T: Add W or U.
Salt Pool Citadel enters tapped unless you control two or more other lands.			normal	SHF		etbt duals: cave, gate, lair, mine, tower
specialty types: desert, locus?, sphere?, power-plant, academy
!landslotREPLACEMEOil-Worn Depths		common	Land — Cave 	258	UB		T: Add U or B.
Oil-Worn Depths enters tapped unless you control two or more other lands.			normal	SHF		etbt duals: cave, gate, lair, mine, tower
specialty types: desert, locus?, sphere?, power-plant, academy
!landslotREPLACEMEBasalt Quarry		common	Land — Mine 	252	BR		T: Add B or R.
Basalt Quarry enters tapped unless you control two or more other lands.			normal	SHF		etbt duals: cave, gate, lair, mine, tower
specialty types: desert, locus?, sphere?, power-plant, academy
!landslotREPLACEMEWeirding Territory		common	Land — Lair 	272	RG		T: Add R or G.
Weirding Territory enters tapped unless you control two or more other lands.			normal	SHF		etbt duals: cave, gate, lair, mine, tower
specialty types: desert, locus?, sphere?, power-plant, academy
!landslotREPLACEMEHenge of Safe Passage		common	Land — Gate 	257	WG		T: Add G or W.
Henge of Safe Passage enters tapped unless you control two or more other lands.			normal	SHF		etbt duals: cave, gate, lair, mine, tower
specialty types: desert, locus?, sphere?, power-plant, academy
!landslotREPLACEMETransplanted Hive		common	Land — Lair 	265	WB		T: Add W or B.
Transplanted Hive enters tapped unless you control two or more other lands.			normal	SHF		etbt duals: cave, gate, lair, mine, tower
specialty types: desert, locus?, sphere?, power-plant, academy
!landslotREPLACEMEPungent Smokestacks		common	Land — Tower 	260	BG		T: Add B or G.
Pungent Smokestacks enters tapped unless you control two or more other lands.			normal	SHF		etbt duals: cave, gate, lair, mine, tower
specialty types: desert, locus?, sphere?, power-plant, academy
!landslotREPLACEMEPhosphorescent Bileway		common	Land — Mine 	259	UG		T: Add G or U.
Phosphorescent Bileway enters tapped unless you control two or more other lands.			normal	SHF		etbt duals: cave, gate, lair, mine, tower
specialty types: desert, locus?, sphere?, power-plant, academy
!landslotREPLACEMEStormsurge Waypoint		common	Land — Gate 	263	UR		T: Add U or R.
Stormsurge Waypoint enters tapped unless you control two or more other lands.			normal	SHF		etbt duals: cave, gate, lair, mine, tower
specialty types: desert, locus?, sphere?, power-plant, academy
!landslotREPLACEMEChiseled Hideaway		common	Land — Cave 	253	WR		T: Add R or W.
Chiseled Hideaway enters tapped unless you control two or more other lands.			normal	SHF		etbt duals: cave, gate, lair, mine, tower
specialty types: desert, locus?, sphere?, power-plant, academy
!landslotREPLACEMEWayfarer's Shrine		common	Land	271	C		T, Pay 1 life, Sacrifice Wayfarer’s Shrine: Search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	SHF		!landslot
f!reprintREPLACEMEPlains		common	Basic Land — Plains 	273	C					normal	SHF		REPLACEMEIsland		common	Basic Land — Island 	274	C		 			normal	SHF		REPLACEMESwamp		common	Basic Land — Swamp 	275	C		 			normal	SHF		REPLACEMEMountain		common	Basic Land — Mountain 	276	C		 			normal	SHF		REPLACEMEForest		common	Basic Land — Forest 	277	C					normal	SHF		REPLACEMEJunk		common	Token Artifact — Junk 	12	C		T, Sacrifice this artifact: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.			token	SHF		REPLACEMEEquipment		common	Token Artifact — Equipment 	11	C		Equipped creature gets +1/+0.
Equip 2			token	SHF		REPLACEMEBullet		common	Token Artifact — Bullet 	10	C		T, Sacrifice this artifact: This artifact deals 1 damage to any target.			token	SHF		REPLACEMETreasure		common	Token Artifact — Treasure 	13	C		T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.			token	SHF		REPLACEMEScooter	W	common	Legendary Token Creature — Dog 	3	W		Scooter has indestructible during your turn as long as you control a Human.	2/1		token	SHF		REPLACEMEVehicle		common	Token Artifact — Vehicle 	14	C		Flying
Crew 2 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 2 or more: This becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)  	3/3		token	SHF		REPLACEMEElemental	U	common	Token Creature — Elemental 	4	U		This creature gets +1/+1 for each card in your hand.	0/0		token	SHF		REPLACEMEElemental	R	common	Token Creature — Elemental 	6	R		Haste	*/1		token	SHF		REPLACEMEPlant	G	common	Token Creature — Plant 	9	G		Deathtouch	1/1		token	SHF		REPLACEMEBeast	G	common	Token Creature — Beast 	8	G			3/1		token	SHF		REPLACEMEMercenary	W	common	Token Creature — Mercenary 	1	W			1/1		token	SHF		REPLACEMEMercenary	W	common	Token Creature — Mercenary 	2	W			1/1		token	SHF		REPLACEMEBones	B	common	Legendary Token Creature — Dog 	5	B		Deathtouch	3/5		token	SHF		REPLACEMEFlesh	R	common	Legendary Token Creature — Cat 	7	R		Menace	5/3		token	SHF		REPLACEME