Mafua, Oathseeker	W	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Mafua 	19	W	3W			Whenever you attack with two or more creatures, you may activate one of Mafua’s loyalty abilities.
[+1]: Put a +1/+1 counter on up to one target creature.
[-1]: Exile target creature. Return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control at the beginning of the next end step.
[-2]: Return target creature card with mana value
3 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield.	planeswalker	KNDREPLACEMEQueen Saleh Amidi	W	mythic	Legendary Creature — Human Noble 	25	W	1W	Lifelink
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may have each player draw a card.	2/3		adventure	KND	Chasten	W	Sorcery — Tale 	W	W	Look at target opponent’s hand. You may exile a nonland card from it. For as long as that card remains exiled, its owner may cast it. It costs 2 more to cast this way.			REPLACEMEPanya, the Sojourner	U	mythic	Legendary Creature — Mouse Warrior 	66	U	U	Panya can’t be blocked by creatures with power 3 or greater.
At the beginning of each end step, if you cast an instant or sorcery spell this turn, put a +1/+1 counter on Panya.	1/1		adventure	KND	Grand Odyssey	U	Sorcery — Tale 	U	2U	Exile the top three cards of your library. For as long as they are exiled, whenever a creature you control deals combat damage to a player, you may put one into your hand.			REPLACEMERhapsody in Blue	U	mythic	Legendary Enchantment — Saga 	67	U	2UU			“This world sings a rapturous melody, if you’d only spend the time to listen.”
Return all nonland permanents with mana value 2 or less to their owner’s hands.
Draw two cards, then discard two cards.
Exile this enchantment, then return it to the battlefield transformed under your control.	transform double faced	KND	Fakadeh, the Symphonic God	U	Legendary Enchantment Creature — Bird God 	U		Flying
Whenever you cast a spell from your hand, you may exile a card from your graveyard with the same mana value and a different card type. If you do, cast a copy of the exiled card without paying its mana cost.
When Fakadeh dies, return this card to its owner’s hand.	3/4		REPLACEMEKing Khalfan Amidi	B	mythic	Legendary Creature — Human Noble 	101	B	2BB	Menace
Whenever Khalfan attacks, you may sacrifice a non-Noble creature. If you do, defending player sacrifices a creature.	4/3		adventure	KND	Tyrant's Will	B	Sorcery — Tale 	B	4BB	You control target opponent until the end of that player’s next main phase.			REPLACEMEScourge of the Moors	B	mythic	Enchantment Creature — Snake Warrior 	113	B	1BB	Deathtouch
Whenever Scourge of the Moors attacks, teach target creature you control deathtouch. (Put a counter of that kind on it. If it already has that ability, put a +1/+1 counter on it instead.)
Whenever one or more creatures with deathtouch you control deal 7 or more total combat damage to a player, that player loses the game.	2/2		normal	KNDREPLACEMEFireplume Dragoon	R	mythic	Enchantment Creature — Bird Warrior 	139	R	3RR	Flying, haste
Whenever Fireplume Dragoon attacks, you may put a creature card with mana value 3 or less from your hand onto the battlefield tapped and attacking. Return that creature to your hand at end of combat.	4/4		normal	KNDREPLACEMEPaint the Town Red	R	mythic	Legendary Enchantment — Saga 	147	R	2RR			“It’s time, Sirif. Today your debts will be settled, whether in gold or in blood.”
Create a 2/2 red Cat creature token with first strike.
Paint the Town Red deals 4 damage to target opponent unless that player has you draw two cards.
Exile this enchantment, then return it to the battlefield transformed under your control.	transform double faced	KND	Sirif, the Tremulous God	R	Legendary Enchantment Creature — Cat God 	R		First strike
Whenever Sirif attacks, they deal 4 damage to defending player unless that player has you create a 2/2 red and white Cat creature token with first strike that’s tapped and attacking that player.
When Sirif dies, return this card to its owner’s hand.	4/2		REPLACEMEThe Next Escapade	G	mythic	Sorcery	188	G	1G	Create two 1/1 white Mouse creature tokens. Then if you’ve cast three other spells named The Next Escapade this game, exile The Next Escapade and creatures you control have base power and toughness 4/4 and trample for the rest of the game. Otherwise, shuffle The Next Escapade into its owner’s library.			normal	KNDREPLACEMEGod's Green Earth	G	mythic	Legendary Enchantment — Saga 	180	G	3GG			“I was born seeing all and knowing none. In such a place, I suspect you too would fall on your sword.”
Distribute three +1/+1 counters among any number of target creatures you control.
Draw X cards, where X is the greatest power among creatures you control.
Exile this enchantment, then return it to the battlefield transformed under your control.	transform double faced	KND	Am'Atambi, the Puissant God	G	Legendary Enchantment Creature — Spider God 	G		Reach
When Am’Atambi enters the battlefield, you may put a creature card from your hand onto the battlefield until Am’Atambi leaves the battlefield.
When Am’Atambi dies, return this card to its owner’s hand.	5/6		REPLACEMEThe Kundege Oath	WUR	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Kundege 	216	WUR	URW			[+1]: Teach up to one target creature flying. If it’s a Bird, it gains vigilance until end of turn. (Put a counter of that kind on it. If it already has that ability, put a +1/+1 counter on it instead.)
[-1]: Create either a legendary 3/3 blue Bird Warrior creature token, a legendary 2/2 white Bird Knight creature token with lifelink, or a legendary 1/1 red Bird Soldier creature token with double strike.
[-6]: Draw three cards. The Kundege Oath deals 3 damage to any target. You gain 3 life.	planeswalker	KNDREPLACEMEMpumo, the Rebel Lord	WBR	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Mpumo 	220	WBR	1RWB			[+1]: Mpumo deals 1 damage to each opponent. Create a 1/1 white and black Rebel creature token.
[-3]: Target player sacrifices a nonland permanent with the greatest mana value among permanents that player controls.
[-7]: Exile the top seven cards of your library. Whenever a creature you control attacks this turn, you may cast one of those cards without paying its mana cost.	planeswalker	KNDREPLACEMESix-Strike Mantid	UG	mythic	Enchantment Creature — Insect Monk 	232	UG	GU	Whenever Six-Strike Mantid deals combat damage to a player, if it has deathtouch, vigilance, and menace, draw that many cards.
GG: Teach Six-Strike Mantid deathtouch. (Put a counter of that kind on it. If it already has that ability, put a +1/+1 counter on it instead.)
GU: Teach Six-Strike Mantid vigilance.
UU: Teach Six-Strike Mantid menace.	2/2		normal	KNDREPLACEMEYusi, the Sable Crow	UB	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Yusi 	237	UB	4UB			[+1]: Draw two cards, then sacrifice a permanent.
[-2]: Create a token that’s a copy of Yusi’s back face.
[-3]: Target opponent reveals their hand. Choose a nonland card in that player’s hand or graveyard, then exile it. You may cast it without paying its mana cost.	transform double faced	KND	Screeching Umbra	UB	Planeswalker — Yusi 	UB				
[-3]: 	REPLACEMENiah, the Necroalchemist	BG	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Niah 	222	BG	2BG			[+1]: Mill three cards, then return a card milled this way from your graveyard to your hand.
[-2]: Create a 0/0 black Shade creature token with “This creature gets +1/+1 for each creature card in your graveyard.”
[-6]: Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield, then merge up to two other target creature cards from your graveyard under that creature. (It has all abilities of those cards.)	planeswalker	KNDREPLACEMESiege Hippo	WRG	mythic	Creature — Hippo 	230	WRG	1RGW	Trample
Concord — Whenever Siege Hippo attacks, if there are four or more card types among permanents you control, Siege Hippo deals 3 damage to any target and you gain 3 life.	4/5		normal	KNDREPLACEMEDjitu's Lithified Mantle		mythic	Legendary Artifact — Equipment 	241	C	1	Whenever equipped creature attacks, if you don’t control a creature named Jwanga Djitu, create Jwanga Djitu, a legendary 10/10 colorless Sand Construct artifact creature token with indestructible that’s tapped and attacking.
Equip 10			normal	KNDREPLACEMEThe Veil Betwixt		mythic	Legendary Artifact	261	C	6	Creatures you control get +1/+1.
Whenever a nontoken creature you control dies, create a token that’s a copy of it, except it has decayed.
Whenever a token creature you control dies, draw a card.			normal	KNDREPLACEMEMalika Khazra, the Unifier	W	mythic	Legendary Creature — Human Rebel 	20	WUBRG	4W	When Malika Khazra enters the battlefield, for each color of mana spent to cast her, conscript a Rebel. (Look at the top four cards of your library. Reveal a Rebel from them and put it into your hand or create a 1/1 Rebel token. Put the rest on the bottom.)
1GU: Copy target Rebel spell you control. You may choose new targets for the copy.
1BR: Rebels you control get +1/+0 and gain menace until end of turn.	3/3		normal	KNDREPLACEMETika Shuguru, Blood Effigy		mythic	Legendary Artifact Creature — Scarecrow 	258	WUBRG	5	Vigilance, reach
Each Scarecrow creature you control assigns combat damage equal to its toughness rather than its power.
2/W2/U2/B2/R2/G: Target opponent sacrifices a nonland permanent. Create a 0/3 colorless Scarecrow artifact creature token with reach.	0/6		normal	KNDREPLACEMECitadel Magistrate	W	rare	Creature — Human Advisor 	8	W	1W	As Citadel Magistrate enters the battlefield, choose an imperial mandate.
• Excise — Each player can’t draw more than one card each turn.
• Restraint — Each player can’t attack with more than one creature each turn.
• Demarcation — Each player can’t cast more than one spell each turn.	1/2		normal	KNDREPLACEMEAarakocra Champion	W	rare	Enchantment Creature — Bird Warrior 	1	W	WW	Flying, vigilance
Whenever Aarakocra Champion attacks, add a 2/2 white Bird creature token with flying to your bestiary. (If you would create a creature token, you may instead put one into play from your bestiary.)	2/2		normal	KNDREPLACEMEZuri Asaju, God-Hunter	W	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Rebel 	41	W	2W	Equipped creatures you control have challenge. (They can’t be blocked by more than one creature.)	3/3		adventure	KND	Steeled Vow	W	Sorcery — Tale 	W	X	Search your library for an Equipment card with mana value X, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle. (Cast a copy of this once while this is on the battlefield.)			REPLACEMERehengi Battle Priest	W	rare	Creature — Human Rebel Cleric 	26	W	2WW	When Rehengi Battle Priest enters the battlefield, exile target creature an opponent controls until Rehengi Battle Priest leaves the battlefield.
At the beginning of your end step, if you dealt combat damage to a player this turn, conscript a Rebel. (Look at the top four cards of your library. Reveal a Rebel from them and put it into your hand or create a 1/1 Rebel token. Put the rest on the bottom.)	2/2		normal	KNDREPLACEMEGilded Vindicator	W	rare	Creature — Human Rebel 	12	W	3W	First strike
When Gilded Vindicator enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.
Concord — As long as there are four or more card types among permanents you control, creatures you control attacking cause abilities of that creature to trigger as though that creature entered the battlefield.	3/1		normal	KNDREPLACEMERescue Strix	W	rare	Creature — Bird 	28	W	4W	Flash
Flying
When Rescue Strix enters the battlefield, if you cast it, return to the battlefield all creature cards in your graveyard that were put there from the battlefield this turn.	3/3		normal	KNDREPLACEMEAmbassador's Graces	W	rare	Sorcery	3	W	4WW	Return up to one target artifact card, up to one target enchantment card, up to one target creature card, and up to one target planeswalker card from your graveyard to the battlefield.			normal	KNDREPLACEMEBegone	W	rare	Sorcery	4	W	XWWW	Choose X different numbers. Exile all nonland permanents with mana values chosen this way.			normal	KNDREPLACEMEUnited We Stand	W	rare	Enchantment	39	W	1W	When United We Stand enters the battlefield or you cast a creature spell with mana value 3 or less, conscript a Rebel. (Look at the top four cards of your library. Reveal a Rebel from them and put it into your hand or create a 1/1 Rebel token. Put the rest on the bottom.)			normal	KNDREPLACEMEThe Crowspeaker	U	rare	Creature — Human Shaman 	53	U	UU	T: Surveil 1. Then if you have no cards in your library, you win the game.	1/3		adventure	KND	The Gift	U	Instant — Tale 	U	3UUU	Draw up to ten cards. You have no maximum hand size until your next turn. (Cast a copy of this once while this is on the battlefield.)			REPLACEMECroaking Chronicler	U	rare	Enchantment Creature — Frog Advisor 	52	U	U	Prowess
You may cast cards with Tales from your hand as Tales. Whenever you cast a spell this way, exile it instead of putting it into a graveyard as it resolves. You may cast that card from exile for as long as it remains in exile. If you do, it gains “You can’t cast this permanent’s Tale.”	1/2		normal	KNDREPLACEMEAurora Harnesser	U	rare	Creature — Human Wizard 	44	U	1U	Flash
At the beginning of your end step, Aurora Harnesser phases out.	2/1		adventure	KND	Lights Out	U	Instant — Tale 	U	UU	Counter target spell. (Cast a copy of this once while this is on the battlefield.)			REPLACEMEDarksea Hunter	U	rare	Enchantment Creature — Shark Rogue 	54	U	5UU	Flash
This spell can’t be countered.
Darksea Hunter has hexproof as long as you’ve cast a noncreature spell this turn.
0: Darksea Hunter can’t be blocked until end of turn. You can’t cast spells on turns you activate this ability.	7/9		normal	KNDREPLACEMEFool's Orrery	U	rare	Artifact	57	U	2U	You may look at the top card of your library at any time.
Concord — You may play the top card of your library as long as there are four or more card types among permanents you control.			normal	KNDREPLACEMESkin to Stone	U	rare	Sorcery	71	U	2UU	Gain control of target nonland permanent. Its controller creates a 3/3 colorless Sand Construct artifact creature token.			normal	KNDREPLACEMEOpaline Prophecy	U	rare	Instant	64	U	3UU	Draw three cards. If you cast this spell during your main phase, create two Treasure tokens.			normal	KNDREPLACEMELagoon Logistics	U	rare	Instant	61	U	1U	Until end of turn, if a permanent entering the battlefield under your control causes a triggered ability of that permanent to trigger, that ability triggers an additional time.
Exile target creature you control, then return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control.			normal	KNDREPLACEMEBleeding Dunes	U	rare	Enchantment	46	U	2U	3U, Discard Bleeding Dunes: Draw a card. Create a 4/3 blue and red Sand Shark creature token with prowess.
At the beginning of each end step, if you cast a noncreature spell this turn, add a 4/3 blue and red Sand Shark creature token with prowess to your bestiary. (If you would create a creature token, you may instead put one into play from your bestiary.)			normal	KNDREPLACEMEEncroaching Blight	B	rare	Enchantment	89	B	1BB	At the beginning of your end step, choose one that hasn’t been chosen —
• Each opponent loses 3 life and you gain 3 life.
• Return up to two target creature cards from your graveyard to your hand.
• Create a 3/2 black Snake creature token.
• Sacrifice Encroaching Blight. You lose 3 life, discard two cards, and sacrifice a creature.			normal	KNDREPLACEMEPitiless Monarch	B	rare	Creature — Cat 	108	B	1BB	Menace
Concord — At the beginning of your upkeep, you lose 4 life unless there are four or more card types among permanents you control.	4/5		normal	KNDREPLACEMEZahadi Clairvoyant	B	rare	Creature — Human Rebel Cleric 	121	B	3B	T, Sacrifice another creature: Add BBB.	4/4		adventure	KND	Sever the Veil	B	Sorcery — Tale 	B	1BB	Search your library for a card and put it into your hand, then shuffle. (Cast a copy of this once while this is on the battlefield.)			REPLACEMEYazeed, the Collector	B	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Rebel 	120	B	2BB	Non-Rebel creatures get -1/-1.
At the beginning of each end step, if a creature died this turn, conscript a Rebel. (Look at the top four cards of your library. Reveal a Rebel from them and put it into your hand or create a 1/1 Rebel token. Put the rest on the bottom.)	3/2		normal	KNDREPLACEMEKhari Araknidi	B	rare	Legendary Enchantment Creature — Spider Warlock 	100	B	5B	Reach
At the beginning of each upkeep, create a 1/2 green Spider creature token with reach.
Sacrifice another Spider: Target creature gets -1/-2 until end of turn.
Sacrifice four other Spiders: Target player loses 8 life.	1/8		normal	KNDREPLACEMEFester and Fade	B	rare	Instant	92	B	1B	Target creature gets -4/-4 until end of turn. Add a 0/0 black Shade creature token with “This creature gets +1/+1 for each creature card in your graveyard” to your bestiary. (If you would create a creature token, you may instead put one into play from your bestiary.)			normal	KNDREPLACEMENecrotic Duality	B	rare	Sorcery	106	B	2BB	Return two target creature cards from your graveyard to the battlefield. Those creatures fight each other.			normal	KNDREPLACEMEFever Tree	B	rare	Artifact	93	B	B	1, T: Target player loses 1 life. If that player has one or fewer cards in hand, they lose 3 life instead.			adventure	KND	Spinal Tap	B	Sorcery — Tale 	B	B	Target player reveals their hand. You choose a nonland card from it. That player discards that card. (Cast a copy of this once while this is on the battlefield.)			REPLACEMEDusk's Bitter Crown	B	rare	Enchantment	88	B	1B	At the beginning of your upkeep, conscript a Rebel. You lose 1 life. (Look at the top four cards of your library. Reveal a Rebel from them and put it into your hand or create a 1/1 Rebel token. Put the rest on the bottom.)			normal	KNDREPLACEMEIncendiary Historian	R	rare	Creature — Human Rebel Wizard 	142	R	2R	Prowess
Concord — Once each turn during your turn, if there are four or more card types among permanents you control, you may cast a spell with mana value less than or equal to the number of lands you control from your hand without paying its mana cost.	2/2		normal	KNDREPLACEMEMsuji Berserker	R	rare	Enchantment Creature — Lizard Berserker 	145	R	2R	Whenever Msuji Berserker attacks, target creature defending player controls can’t block this turn.	3/2		adventure	KND	Splinter Cell	R	Sorcery — Tale 	R	2R	Create a token copy of target creature you control, except it has haste and isn’t legendary. Sacrifice it at end of turn.			REPLACEMEHero of the Highlands	R	rare	Creature — Human Rebel 	141	R	2RR	Haste
When Hero of the Highlands enters the battlefield, teach target creature you control double strike. (Put a counter of that kind on it. If it already has that ability, put a +1/+1 counter on it instead.)	2/2		normal	KNDREPLACEMERelic Trampler	R	rare	Creature — Elephant 	149	R	1RR	When Relic Trampler enters the battlefield, destroy target nonbasic colorless permanent. That permanent’s controller creates a colorless Desert land token with “T: Add C.”	3/3		normal	KNDREPLACEMEButcher of Providence	R	rare	Enchantment Creature — Cat Warrior 	131	R	XRR	Menace, haste
Butcher of Providence enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it for each mana from a Desert spent to cast it.	0/0		normal	KNDREPLACEMETactical Commerce	R	rare	Sorcery	158	R	3R	You may play a card you own from outside the game this turn.
Concord — If there are four or more card types among permanents you control, add four mana of any one color.			normal	KNDREPLACEMEAll-Mother's Hostility	R	rare	Enchantment	122	R	2R	When All-Mother’s Hostility enters the battlefield, sacrifice a nontoken land. When you do, create two tapped colorless Desert land tokens with “T: Add C.”
Tap three untapped Deserts you control: All-Mother’s Hostility deals 3 damage to each opponent.			normal	KNDREPLACEMECataclysmic Downfall	R	rare	Sorcery	132	R	3RR	Cataclysmic Downfall deals 10 damage to up to one target creature and 5 damage to each other creature.			normal	KNDREPLACEMERise of Cinders	R	rare	Enchantment	150	R	1R	When Rise of Cinders enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 red Sand creature token.
Each creature you control has Rise of Cinders’s Tale.			adventure	KND	Ignite	R	Sorcery — Tale 	R	1R	Until end of turn, this permanent becomes an enchantment creature with base power and toughness 4/4. Sacrifice it at end of turn.			REPLACEMESteppe Shepherd	G	rare	Creature — Human Rebel Scout 	194	G	G	Whenever you create one or more creature tokens, put a +1/+1 counter on Steppe Shepherd.
At the beginning of your end step, if Steppe Shepherd’s power is 4 or greater, add a 4/4 green Elephant creature token with trample to your bestiary. (If you would create a creature token, you may instead put one into play from your bestiary.)	1/1		normal	KNDREPLACEMEBudding Harmonist	G	rare	Creature — Human Druid 	169	G	2G	You may look at the top card of your library at any time.
You may play lands from the top of your library.
Deserts you control have “T: Add one mana of any color.”	1/4		normal	KNDREPLACEMEVerdant Auspex	G	rare	Creature — Human Druid 	201	G	2G	As Verdant Auspex enters the battlefield, choose a creature type.
Spells you cast of the chosen type cost 1 less to cast.	2/3		adventure	KND	Nature's Breath	G	Sorcery — Tale 	G	G	Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control this turn, draw a card.			REPLACEMEHorde Historian	G	rare	Enchantment Creature — Ape Bard 	182	G	3G	When Horde Historian enters the battlefield, mill four cards. When you do, return target enchantment card from your graveyard to your hand.
You may have Sagas enter the battlefield under your control with one or two additional lore counters on them.	3/5		normal	KNDREPLACEMEFrothing Gladiator	G	rare	Enchantment Creature — Crocodile Warrior 	178	G	3GG	Vigilance, haste, challenge (This creature can’t be blocked by more than one creature.)
Whenever Frothing Gladiator deals combat damage to a player, draw X cards and you gain X life, where X is the number of creatures that player controls.	5/5		normal	KNDREPLACEMEAll-Mother's Soul	G	rare	Creature — Incarnation 	162	G	5GG	Trample
When All-Mother’s Soul enters the battlefield, add a token copy of All-Mother’s Soul to your bestiary. (If you would create a creature token, you may instead put one into play from your bestiary.)	6/6		normal	KNDREPLACEMEThe Brigade Rises	G	rare	Sorcery	166	G	XGG	Create X 1/1 white Mouse creature tokens and an X/X Army creature token that’s all colors.			normal	KNDREPLACEMEGateway Collapse	G	rare	Instant	179	G	2GG	Destroy all artifacts and enchantments. For each permanent destroyed this way, its controller creates a colorless Desert land token with “T: Add C.”			normal	KNDREPLACEMECrown the Honored One	G	rare	Enchantment	172	G	4G	Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, you may have it fight target creature you don’t control.			normal	KNDREPLACEMEWaking Winds	WU	rare	Instant	236	WU	2WU	Exile any number of target creatures you control, then return them to the battlefield under their owner’s control. Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control this way, teach it flying. (Put a counter of that kind on it. If it already has that ability, put a +1/+1 counter on it instead.)			normal	KNDREPLACEMEBaneful Seer	UB	rare	Creature — Human Warlock 	206	UB	UB	Whenever you cast your second spell each turn, draw a card, then discard a card unless you pay 2 life.	2/3		adventure	KND	Malefic Touch	UB	Sorcery — Tale 	UB	1UB	Exile target nonland card with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard. You may cast a copy of that card without paying its mana cost.			REPLACEMESeasoned Sandshaper	BR	rare	Creature — Human Mercenary 	229	BR	2BR	When Seasoned Sandshaper enters the battlefield, discard your hand, then draw two cards. For each card type among cards discarded this way, create a 1/1 red Sand creature token.
BR, Sacrifice another creature: Seasoned Sandshaper deals 2 damage to any target.	2/2		normal	KNDREPLACEMEBourasan Enforcer	RG	rare	Enchantment Creature — Rhino Warrior 	208	RG	3RG	You may play an additional land on each of your turns.
Landfall — Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, Bourasan Enforcer deals damage to any target equal to the number of times this ability has resolved this turn. If this is the third time this ability has resolved this turn, exile the top three cards of your library. You may play them until the end of your next turn.	5/5		normal	KNDREPLACEMEAwakener of Ancients	WG	rare	Creature — Human Rebel 	205	WG	1GW	When Awakener of Ancients enters the battlefield, add two 3/3 colorless Sand Construct artifact creature tokens to your bestiary.
Once each turn, when you create a creature token, teach it lifelink. (Put a counter of that kind on it. If it already has that ability, put a +1/+1 counter on it instead.)	3/3		normal	KNDREPLACEMEEmbrace the Blood Sun	WB	rare	Kindred Sorcery — Rebel 	212	WB	1WB	Exile target nonland permanent.			normal	KNDREPLACEMENyoka, Festerlord	BG	rare	Legendary Enchantment Creature — Snake Warlock 	224	BG	1BG	When Nyoka enters the battlefield, teach it your choice of haste, deathtouch, vigilance, lure, or challenge. (A creature with lure must be blocked if able. A creature with challenge can’t be blocked by more than one creature.)
Counters remain on Nyoka as it moves to any zone other than a player’s hand or library.	3/3		normal	KNDREPLACEMEMorass Vanquisher	UG	rare	Enchantment Creature — Crocodile Warrior 	219	UG	4GU	Whenever you cast a spell, choose one —
• Put a shield counter on target permanent without a shield counter on it.
• Draw a card.
• Create a 2/2 white Bird creature token with flying.	6/6		normal	KNDREPLACEMEAmber-Eye Visionary	UR	rare	Enchantment Creature — Bird Wizard 	204	UR	1UR	Flying
Whenever a spell you control deals damage to a permanent or player, you may have Amber-Eye Visionary deal 2 damage to that permanent or player. If you don’t, draw a card.	2/3		normal	KNDREPLACEMEBlade of the Free	WR	rare	Artifact — Equipment 	207	WR	2RW	When Blade of the Free enters the battlefield, look at the top seven cards of your library. You may put creature card with mana value 3 or less from among them onto the battlefield and attach Blade of the Free to it. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.
Equipped creature has double strike.
Equip 2			normal	KNDREPLACEMEOcular Parasite		rare	Artifact Creature — Construct 	250	C	1	Flying
When Ocular Parasite enters the battlefield, look at target opponent’s hand.
Whenever Ocular Parasite deals combat damage to a player, choose a card name. That player can’t cast spells with the chosen name during their next turn.	1/1		normal	KNDREPLACEMEClockwork Plaguebearer		rare	Artifact Creature — Construct 	238	C	4	Deathtouch
When Clockwork Plaguebearer enters the battlefield, remove all counters from target permanent.
Counters can’t be placed on permanents.	3/3		normal	KNDREPLACEMETimeless Watchers		rare	Artifact Creature — Sand Construct 	259	C	6	Vigilance
If a source would deal damage to you, that source deals 1 damage instead.
If you would lose life, you lose 1 life instead.	6/6		normal	KNDREPLACEMEStar of the Sands		rare	Artifact	256	WUBRG	3	Concord — At the beginning of your end step, if there are four or more card types among permanents you control, create a Treasure token.
WWUUBBRRGG, T: Exile Star of the Sands. For the rest of the game, you may cast cards from your hand without paying their mana costs.			normal	KNDREPLACEMEIronhide Processional		rare	Kindred Artifact — Rebel Vehicle 	246	C	2	Whenever Ironhide Processional attacks, if Ironhide Processional was crewed by creatures with 3 or more total power this turn, defending player loses 3 life unless they sacrifice a nonland permanent or discard a card.
Crew 1	3/3		normal	KNDREPLACEMEThe Exile Queen's Crown		rare	Legendary Artifact — Equipment 	244	C	2	Equipped creature has “Whenever this creature attacks, other attacking creatures you control get +1/+1 and gain indestructible until end of turn.”
Equip 3
Equip legendary creature 0			normal	KNDREPLACEMEKopesh of the Veil		rare	Artifact — Equipment 	247	C	1	Equipped creature gets +2/+0.
Whenever equipped creature dies, if it wasn’t a token, create a token copy of it except it’s a 1/1 red Sand creature. Attach Kopesh of the Veil to that token.
Equip 4			normal	KNDREPLACEMEDust Devil		rare	Artifact Creature — Sand Construct 	243	C	2	As long as Dust Devil isn’t in your hand, it’s a Desert land in addition to its other types.
T: Add C.	1/1		normal	KNDREPLACEMEUnending Sands		rare	Land	276	C		T, Pay 1 life, Sacrifice Unending Sands: Search your library for a Desert card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	KNDREPLACEMEDefense of the Dunes	W	uncommon	Enchantment	9	W	2W	Creature tokens you control get +1/+1.
Whenever you cast a Rebel spell, add a 3/3 colorless Sand Construct artifact creature token to your bestiary. (If you would create a creature token, you may instead put one into play from your bestiary.)			normal	KNDREPLACEMECeremonial Ushers	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Cleric 	6	W	1W	When Ceremonial Ushers enters the battlefield, return up to one target artifact or enchantment card from your graveyard to your hand. If no card is returned this way, put a +1/+1 counter on Ceremonial Ushers.	1/2		normal	KNDREPLACEMESpear of Justice	W	uncommon	Kindred Artifact — Rebel Equipment 	32	W	1W	When Spear of Justice enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 white and black Rebel creature token, then attach Spear of Justice to it.
Equipped creature gets +1/+1.
Equip 1			normal	KNDREPLACEMEProphet of the Veil	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Rebel Cleric 	23	W	2W	Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, you gain 1 life.	2/3		adventure	KND	Sights of Ecstasy	W	Sorcery — Tale 	W	2W	Exile up to two other target creatures you control, then return them to the battlefield under their owner’s control. (Cast a copy of this once while this is on the battlefield.)			REPLACEMEGlory Chaser	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Rebel 	13	W	2W	Concord — Glory Chaser has double strike as long as there are four or more card types among permanents you control.	3/2		normal	KNDREPLACEMEPalemane Paladin	W	uncommon	Enchantment Creature — Lion Warrior 	22	W	3W	When Palemane Paladin enters the battlefield, choose it and another target creature you control. Teach one vigilance and the other lifelink. (Put a counter of that kind on it. If it already has that ability, put a +1/+1 counter on it instead.)	2/4		normal	KNDREPLACEMEInsurgent's Pet	W	uncommon	Creature — Bird 	17	W	2WW	Flying
When Insurgent’s Pet enters the battlefield, conscript a Rebel, then conscript a Rebel again. (Look at the top four cards of your library. Reveal a Rebel from them and put it into your hand or create a 1/1 Rebel token. Put the rest on the bottom.)	2/2		normal	KNDREPLACEMESkyknight Armorer	W	uncommon	Enchantment Creature — Bird Warrior 	31	W	3WW	Flying
When Skyknight Armorer enters the battlefield, create a colorless Equipment artifact token with “Equipped creature gets +2/+0” and equip 2. If you attacked this turn, attach it to Skyknight Armorer.	2/4		normal	KNDREPLACEMEExonerate	W	uncommon	Sorcery	10	W	W	Exile target creature or planeswalker with mana value less than or equal to the number of nonland permanents you control.			normal	KNDREPLACEMEHeart of the Cause	W	uncommon	Kindred Enchantment — Rebel 	14	W	3W	When Heart of the Cause enters the battlefield, exile another target nonland permanent until Heart of the Cause leaves the battlefield.
When Heart of the Cause enters the battlefield, you gain 2 life.			normal	KNDREPLACEMEHonorable March	W	uncommon	Instant	15	W	4W	Creatures you control get +2/+1 until end of turn.
Concord — If there are four or more card types among permanents you control, untap each creature you control. Those creatures gain lifelink until end of turn.			normal	KNDREPLACEMESandspinner	U	uncommon	Creature — Human Rebel Wizard 	68	U	U	Flash
Prowess
When Sandspinner enters the battlefield, if you cast a noncreature spell this turn, add a 4/3 blue and red Sand Shark creature token with prowess to your bestiary. (If you would create a creature token, you may instead put one into play from your bestiary.)	1/1		normal	KNDREPLACEMECloudline Sovereign	U	uncommon	Enchantment Creature — Bird Wizard 	49	U	3UU	Flying
Cloudline Sovereign enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it.
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may remove a counter from a creature you control. If you do, put a shield counter on that creature. (If it would be dealt damage or destroyed, remove a shield counter from it instead.)	3/3		normal	KNDREPLACEMETrifle Carver	U	uncommon	Enchantment Creature — Lizard Artificer 	78	U	2U	Whenever an artifact enters the battlefield under your control, scry 1.	3/2		adventure	KND	The Toy Offensive	U	Sorcery — Tale 	U	5U	Until end of turn, artifacts you control become 4/4 artifact creatures. (Cast a copy of this once while this is on the battlefield.)			REPLACEMEGhostquill Composer	U	uncommon	Enchantment Creature — Bird Wizard 	59	U	3U	Flying
Whenever Ghostquill Composer deals combat damage to a player, you may exile target card with a Tale from your graveyard. You may cast a copy of that card as a Tale until end of turn. (You still pay its costs.)	3/3		normal	KNDREPLACEMEOracle of the Fens	U	uncommon	Creature — Human Rebel Shaman 	65	U	2U	Whenever you cast your second spell each turn, create a 2/1 green and blue Frog creature token with ward 2.	1/4		normal	KNDREPLACEMEWhisperwind Soothsayer	U	uncommon	Creature — Human Wizard 	81	U	1U	When Whisperwind Soothsayer enters the battlefield, choose it and another target creature you control. Teach one flying and the other ward 2. (Put a counter of that kind on it. If it already has that ability, put a +1/+1 counter on it instead.)	2/1		normal	KNDREPLACEMEDisallow	U	uncommon	Instant	56	U	1UU	Counter target spell, activated ability, or triggered ability.			normal	KNDREPLACEMESeek the Inevitable	U	uncommon	Sorcery	70	U	U	Conscript a Rebel. (Look at the top four cards of your library. Reveal a Rebel from them and put it into your hand or create a 1/1 Rebel token. Put the rest on the bottom.)
Surveil 2.			normal	KNDREPLACEMESundry Revelations	U	uncommon	Instant	77	U	4U	Look at the top seven cards of your library. For each card type, you may reveal a card of that type from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.			normal	KNDREPLACEMEAll-Mother's Tears	U	uncommon	Kindred Enchantment — Rebel Aura 	42	U	2U	Enchant creature
Enchanted creature doesn’t untap during its controller’s untap step.			adventure	KND	Heretic's Lament	U	Sorcery — Tale 	U	1U	Conscript a Rebel. (Look at the top four cards of your library. Reveal a Rebel from them and put it into your hand or create a 1/1 Rebel token. Put the rest on the bottom.)			REPLACEMECeremony of Tribes	U	uncommon	Sorcery	47	U	4UU	Create token copies of each of up to two target creatures you control.			normal	KNDREPLACEMERehengi Majesty	B	uncommon	Creature — Cat 	110	B	4B	Menace
Whenever Rehengi Majesty enters the battlefield or attacks, conscript a Rebel and you lose 1 life. (Look at the top four cards of your library. Reveal a Rebel from them and put it into your hand or create a 1/1 Rebel token. Put the rest on the bottom.)	5/3		normal	KNDREPLACEMEKafyabari Sneak	B	uncommon	Enchantment Creature — Bird Rogue 	98	B	1B	Whenever you cast your second spell each turn, put a +1/ +1 counter on Kafyabari Sneak.
Pay 2 life: Kafyabari Sneak gains flying until end of turn.	2/2		normal	KNDREPLACEMEPlague Striker	B	uncommon	Enchantment Creature — Rat Rogue 	109	B	2B	When Plague Striker enters the battlefield, choose it and another target creature you control. Teach one deathtouch and the other menace. (Put a counter of that kind on it. If it already has that ability, put a +1/+1 counter on it instead.)	3/2		normal	KNDREPLACEMESanguine Scribe	B	uncommon	Creature — Human Shaman 	112	B	2B	Concord — 2, T: Each opponent loses 2 life and you gain 2 life. Activate only if there are four or more card types among permanents you control.	1/4		normal	KNDREPLACEMECorpse Repurposer	B	uncommon	Creature — Human Warlock 	87	B	3B	When Corpse Repurposer enters the battlefield, surveil 2.	4/3		adventure	KND	Skinstitching	B	Sorcery — Tale 	B	1B	Exile target creature card from your graveyard. Create a token that’s a copy of that creature, except it’s a colorless artifact. (Cast a copy of this once while this is on the battlefield.)			REPLACEMEVengeful Martyr	B	uncommon	Creature — Human Rebel 	117	B	B	Vengeful Martyr can’t block.
1B: Return Vengeful Martyr from your graveyard to the battlefield. Activate only if you conscripted this turn.	2/1		normal	KNDREPLACEMECarrion High Priest	B	uncommon	Enchantment Creature — Bird Cleric 	86	B	4BB	You may cast this spell for 1BB. If you do, sacrifice it when it enters the battlefield.
Flying
When Carrion High Priest enters the battlefield, you draw two cards and you lose 2 life.	3/3		normal	KNDREPLACEMEStolen Secrets	B	uncommon	Sorcery	115	B	B	Choose a nonland card type. Target player reveals their hand. You choose a card of the chosen type from it. That player discards that card.			normal	KNDREPLACEMEAs the King Decrees	B	uncommon	Sorcery	83	B	1B	Destroy target nonenchantment creature.			normal	KNDREPLACEMEMemories of Agony	B	uncommon	Sorcery	105	B	2BB	Target creature gets -5/-5 until end of turn.
Conscript a Rebel. (Look at the top four cards of your library. Reveal a Rebel from them and put it into your hand or create a 1/1 Rebel token. Put the rest on the bottom.)			normal	KNDREPLACEMELiturgy in Smoke	B	uncommon	Enchantment	102	B	2B	Concord — During each of your turns, if there are four or more card types among permanents you control, you may cast a copy of a creature or planeswalker card in your graveyard by exiling that card and paying life equal to its mana value rather than paying its mana cost.			normal	KNDREPLACEMETwirling Duelist	R	uncommon	Creature — Human Warrior 	160	R	1R	Prowess
Players can’t gain life.	2/2		normal	KNDREPLACEMEDust Conjurer	R	uncommon	Creature — Human Rebel 	135	R	1R	Whenever Dust Conjurer attacks, other attacking creatures you control get +1/+0 until end of turn.	2/1		adventure	KND	Sun Dance	R	Sorcery — Tale 	R	4RR	Create three 1/1 red Sand creature tokens. They gain haste. Sacrifice those tokens at end of turn. (Cast a copy of this once while this is on the battlefield.)			REPLACEMEKindled Tracker	R	uncommon	Creature — Human Rebel Scout 	143	R	2R	When Kindled Tracker enters the battlefield, create a tapped colorless Desert land token with “T: Add C.”
When Kindled Tracker dies, sacrifice a land.	3/2		normal	KNDREPLACEMESteppe Stalker	R	uncommon	Creature — Dog 	156	R	2RR	Concord — Whenever Steppe Stalker attacks, if there are four or more card types among permanents you control, creatures you control gain “When this creature dies, it deals 1 damage to any target” until end of turn.	4/4		normal	KNDREPLACEMENdengo Brutalizer	R	uncommon	Enchantment Creature — Ox Warrior 	146	R	4R	When Ndengo Brutalizer enters the battlefield, choose it and another target creature you control. Teach one first strike and the other trample. (Put a counter of that kind on it. If it already has that ability, put a +1/+1 counter on it instead.)	5/4		normal	KNDREPLACEMEBadland Savage	R	uncommon	Enchantment Creature — Cat Warrior 	126	R	3R	Haste
At the beginning of your end step, return Badland Savage to its owner’s hand.	5/3		adventure	KND	The Hunt	R	Sorcery — Tale 	R	1R	The Hunt deals 2 damage to target opponent. (Cast a copy of this once while this is on the battlefield.)			REPLACEMEFires of Renewal	R	uncommon	Instant	140	R	2R	Fires of Renewal deals 2 damage to each creature. Create a Treasure token.			normal	KNDREPLACEMEFeral Ambush	R	uncommon	Instant	138	R	XR	Feral Ambush deals X damage to target creature or planeswalker.
Concord — If there are four or more card types among permanents you control, Feral Ambush deals twice X damage instead.			normal	KNDREPLACEMEWave-Bladed Sword	R	uncommon	Artifact — Equipment 	161	R	R	Equipped creature gets +1/+1 and has haste.
Equip R			adventure	KND	Battle of Kilima	R	Sorcery — Tale 	R	XR	Target creature you control gets +X/+0 until end of turn.  (Cast a copy of this once while this is on the battlefield.)			REPLACEMESandspout	R	uncommon	Instant	153	R	2R	Sandspout deals 4 damage to target creature.
Add a 4/3 blue and red Sand Shark creature token with prowess to your bestiary. (If you would create a creature token, you may instead put one into play from your bestiary.)			normal	KNDREPLACEMERunic Memoirs	R	uncommon	Artifact	151	R	1R	When Runic Memoirs enters the battlefield, you may discard a card. If you do, draw two cards.
2, T, Sacrifice Runic Memoirs: The next time you cast a Tale this turn, copy it. You may choose new targets for the copy.			normal	KNDREPLACEMEPatron of Twigs	G	uncommon	Enchantment Creature — Mouse Warrior 	189	G	2G	When Patron of Twigs enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 white Mouse creature token.	2/2		adventure	KND	Growth Arc	G	Sorcery — Tale 	G	2G	Put X +1/+1 counters on target creature, where X is the number of creatures you control. (Cast a copy of this once while this is on the battlefield.)			REPLACEMEDisciple of the Wilds	G	uncommon	Creature — Human Rebel Shaman 	174	G	1G	Whenever you put a keyword counter on Disciple of the Wilds, put a +1/+1 counter on Disciple of the Wilds.	3/2		normal	KNDREPLACEMEAmidi Beastspeaker	G	uncommon	Creature — Human Druid 	164	G	G	Deathtouch	1/1		adventure	KND	Circle of Life	G	Sorcery — Tale 	G	G	Discard a creature card. When you do, search your library for a creature card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.			REPLACEMEFallow Cultivator	G	uncommon	Creature — Human Farmer 	176	G	1G	T: You may put a Desert card from your hand onto the battlefield tapped. When you do, draw a card.	0/3		normal	KNDREPLACEMEColossal Cavalry	G	uncommon	Creature — Human Rebel 	170	G	3GG	Trample
Landfall — Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, add a 4/4 green Elephant creature token with trample to your bestiary. (If you would create a creature token, you may instead put one into play from your bestiary.)	4/4		normal	KNDREPLACEMEUnderbrush Ranger	G	uncommon	Enchantment Creature — Cat Archer 	199	G	3G	When Underbrush Ranger enters the battlefield, choose it and another target creature you control. Teach one reach and the other challenge. (Put a counter of that kind on it. If it already has that ability, put a +1/+1 counter on it instead. A creature with challenge can’t be blocked by more than one creature.)	3/4		normal	KNDREPLACEMEPrairie Herd	G	uncommon	Creature — Ox 	190	G	4GG	Prairie Herd’s power and toughness are each equal to the number of lands you control.
Whenever Prairie Herd enters the battlefield or attacks, reveal the top card of your library. If it’s a land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped. Otherwise, put it back on top or into your graveyard.	*/*		normal	KNDREPLACEMEThird Order of the Ngodo	G	uncommon	Enchantment Creature — Mouse Army 	196	G	5GG	When Third Order of the Ngodo enters the battlefield, you gain 7 life.
G, Exile Third Order of the Ngodo from your graveyard: Create a 1/1 white Mouse creature token. You gain 1 life.	7/7		normal	KNDREPLACEMEMafusho Rites	G	uncommon	Enchantment	185	G	2G	When Mafusho Rites enters the battlefield, add two 0/0 black Shade creature tokens with “This creature gets +1/+1 for each creature card in your graveyard” to your bestiary. (If you would create a creature token, you may instead put one into play from your bestiary.)
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may mill two cards.			normal	KNDREPLACEMEThe Sun Also Rises	G	uncommon	Sorcery	195	G	1G	Return target permanent card from your graveyard to your hand. You may play an additional land this turn.			normal	KNDREPLACEMEGrit	G	uncommon	Enchantment — Aura 	181	G	G	Enchant creature you control
When Grit enters the battlefield, enchanted creature fights target creature you don’t control.
Enchanted creature gets +1/+0.			normal	KNDREPLACEMELocus Sanctifier	WU	uncommon	Enchantment Creature — Bird Monk 	217	WU	2WU	Flying
When Locus Sanctifier enters the battlefield, you gain 3 life, scry 2, then draw a card.	2/2		normal	KNDREPLACEMEThe Merchants of Shansa	WU	uncommon	Enchantment — Saga 	218	WU	1WU			The most accomplished artisans and craftsmen of Kahembo congregate at the Shansa Markets.
I, II, III — Exile up to one target artifact or creature you control until The Merchants of Shansa leaves the battlefield. Create a tapped Treasure token.
Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control this turn, you may pay 1. If you do, draw a card.
Whenever a creature enters the battlefield this turn, its controller may draw a card.	saga	KNDREPLACEMEMsuji Patrol	UB	uncommon	Enchantment Creature — Lizard Rogue 	221	UB	1UB	Flash
Whenever you cast your second spell each turn, put a +1/+1 counter on Msuji Patrol.
Remove a counter from Msuji Patrol: Target creature phases out. Activate only if Msuji Patrol is attacking. (Treat it and anything attached to it as though they don’t exist until its controller’s next turn.)	3/2		normal	KNDREPLACEMESwezi Steals the Moon	UB	uncommon	Enchantment — Saga 	234	UB	2UB			“The night is a time of great magic. Now we hold that power for all eternity.”
I, II — Exile the top three cards of each player’s library face-down. You may look at them at any time.
III — You may cast a card exiled with Swezi Steals the Moon with mana value 3 or less without paying its mana cost. If you don’t, draw a card.	saga	KNDREPLACEMESavannah Scavenger	BR	uncommon	Creature — Human Rebel 	228	BR	2BR	Deathtouch
Concord — At the beginning of your upkeep, if there are four or more card types among permanents you control, you may exile the top card of your library. You may play that card from exile until you exile another card with Savannah Scavenger.	1/4		normal	KNDREPLACEMEOnele Cheats Death	BR	uncommon	Enchantment — Saga 	225	BR	1BR			“The dead speak with silver tongues. I cared not for their croons of salvation, and met them instead with a fine silver of my own.”
I — You may have each player discard a card.
Create a colorless artifact token named Razor’s Edge with “Attacking creatures you control get +1/+0.”
II, III — Return target creature card with mana value 2 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield. Teach it menace and haste. (Put a counter of that kind on it. If it already has that ability, put a +1/+1 counter on it instead.)	saga	KNDREPLACEMESteadfast Fennec	RG	uncommon	Creature — Fox 	233	RG	RG	Vigilance
Steadfast Fennec gets +2/+2 as long as you control two or more Deserts.
4RG: Up to one target creature an opponent controls blocks this turn if able, and up to one target creature an opponent controls can’t block this turn.	1/1		normal	KNDREPLACEMEAduru Discovers Ndengo	RG	uncommon	Enchantment — Saga 	202	RG	2RG			The ancient civilization held many tomes of lost lore ... and within them, Gods.
I — Draw a card. You may put a Desert card from your hand onto the battlefield tapped.
II — Aduru Discovers Ndengo deals damage to up to one target creature or planeswalker equal to the number of lands you control.
III — Create a 1/1 red Sand creature token.	saga	KNDREPLACEMERehengi Companion	WG	uncommon	Creature — Human Druid 	226	WG	GW	Vigilance
When Rehengi Companion enters the battlefield, add two 2/2 white Bird creature tokens with flying to your bestiary. (If you would create a creature token, you may instead put one into play from your bestiary.)	2/2		normal	KNDREPLACEMEHarvest of the Many	WG	uncommon	Enchantment — Saga 	214	WG	2GW			Mekini Oasis provides fruits and shelter for all, both big and small.
I — Create two 1/1 white Mouse creature tokens.
II — Add two 4/4 green Elephant creature tokens with trample to your bestiary. (If you would create a creature token, you may instead put one into play from your bestiary.)
III — Put a +1/+1 counter on each of up to two target creatures.	saga	KNDREPLACEMEEdgeland General	WB	uncommon	Creature — Human Rebel 	211	WB	1WB	Whenever Edgeland General attacks, conscript a Rebel. (Look at the top four cards of your library. Reveal a Rebel from them and put it into your hand or create a 1/1 Rebel token. Put the rest on the bottom.)
2, Sacrifice a creature: Edgeland General gains indestructible until end of turn.	3/1		normal	KNDREPLACEMEKojo Joins the Cause	WB	uncommon	Enchantment — Saga 	215	WB	3WB			“Our city is already great. We need not the voices of heroes past to guide us to salvation.”
I — You may sacrifice another nonland permanent. When you do, destroy target nonland permanent an opponent controls that shares a type with the sacrificed permanent.
II — Search your library for a Rebel permanent card with mana value 3 or less, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.
III — Each opponent loses 3 life. You gain 3 life.	saga	KNDREPLACEMEFalse Liege of Luxury	BG	uncommon	Enchantment Creature — Snake Noble 	213	BG	6BG	When False Liege of Luxury enters the battlefield, create two 3/2 black Snake creature tokens, then put a deathtouch counter on one and a lifelink counter on the other.
1BG, Discard False Liege of Luxury: Create a 3/2 black Snake creature token, then put a deathtouch counter or a lifelink counter on it. Activate only as a sorcery.	3/2		normal	KNDREPLACEMENkosi Enters the Veil	BG	uncommon	Enchantment — Saga 	223	BG	3BG			“I have seen ... beyond. And it is glorious.”
I — Mill three cards. Create a 3/2 black Snake creature token.
II — You may sacrifice a creature. When you do, return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield.
III — You may have target creature you control fight target creature you don’t control.	saga	KNDREPLACEMESilkfeather Sage	UG	uncommon	Enchantment Creature — Bird Warrior 	231	UG	2GU	1GU: Teach target creature flying. Activate only as a sorcery. (Put a counter of that kind on it. If it already has that ability, put a +1/+1 counter on it instead.)
Whenever Silkfeather Sage attacks, if it has two or more different types of counters on it, draw a card.	2/4		normal	KNDREPLACEMEThe Three Rites of Ekere	UG	uncommon	Enchantment — Saga 	235	UG	GU			“When you have perfected the arts, you will be patient, you will be deft, and you will be merciless.”
I — Create a 2/1 green and blue Frog creature token with ward 2.
II, III, IV — Teach target creature you control your choice of vigilance, reach, or trample. (Put a counter of that kind on it. If it already has that ability, put a +1/+1 counter on it instead.)	saga	KNDREPLACEMEDawn Fabulist	UR	uncommon	Creature — Human Wizard 	210	UR	1UR	Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, put a +1/+1 counter on Dawn Fabulist. If it’s a Tale, Dawn Fabulist can’t be blocked this turn.	2/1		adventure	KND	Fair Folklore	UR	Sorcery — Tale 	UR	1UR	Draw three cards, then discard two cards unless you discard a card with a Tale. (Cast a copy of this once while this is on the battlefield.)			REPLACEMERitual at Usi Wamane	UR	uncommon	Enchantment — Saga 	227	UR	UR			Saada took the stage at twilight and danced so beautifully the sky wept.
I — Scry 2.
II — The next time you cast an instant or sorcery spell this turn, draw a card.
III — The next time you cast an instant or sorcery spell this turn, Ritual at Usi Wamane deals 3 damage to any target.	saga	KNDREPLACEMEChieftain's Warden	WR	uncommon	Creature — Human Warrior 	209	WR	2RW	0: Attach target equipment you control to Chieftain’s Warden. Activate only as a sorcery.
Concord — Whenever Chieftain’s Warden attacks, if there are four or more card types among permanents you control, it gains first strike and lifelink until end of turn.	4/3		normal	KNDREPLACEMEAkelo Forges Moyoku	WR	uncommon	Enchantment — Saga 	203	WR	1RW			Akelo searched far and wide and did not find a weapon to his needs, so he forged his own blade fit to slay a myth.
I — Search your library for an Equipment card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.
II — You may put an Equipment card from your hand onto the battlefield. Until end of turn, equip abilities you activate cost 3 less.
III — Equipped creatures you control gain vigilance and double strike until end of turn.	saga	KNDREPLACEMEDirective Replicator		uncommon	Artifact Creature — Sand Construct 	240	C	1	Once each turn, whenever you teach another creature an ability, teach Directive Replicator that ability. (Put a counter of that kind on it. If it already has that ability, put a +1/+1 counter on it instead.)	1/1		normal	KNDREPLACEMESurging Sandslide		uncommon	Artifact Creature — Sand Construct 	257	C	4	When Surging Sandslide dies, create three 1/1 red Sand creature tokens.	3/3		normal	KNDREPLACEMEOverseer of the Vast		uncommon	Artifact Creature — Sand Construct 	251	C	8	This spell costs 1 less to cast for each Desert you control.
Vigilance	8/8		normal	KNDREPLACEMEThe Maker's Mask		uncommon	Artifact	248	C	2	3, T: Conscript a Rebel. (Look at the top four cards of your library. Reveal a Rebel from them and put it into your hand or create a 1/1 Rebel token. Put the rest on the bottom.)			normal	KNDREPLACEMEHorn of Reflection		uncommon	Artifact	245	C	1	When Horn of Reflection enters the battlefield, you gain 2 life.
1, T, Exile Horn of Reflection: Shuffle any number of cards from your graveyard into your library. Draw a card.			normal	KNDREPLACEMEWarped Wilds		uncommon	Land — Desert 	278	C		T: Add C.
1: Warped Wilds becomes a 1/1 Sand creature until end of turn.			adventure	KND	Distortion		Sorcery — Tale 	C	6	Put three +1/+1 counters on target permanent you control.			REPLACEMEThe God Hand		uncommon	Legendary Land — Desert 	271	C		The God Hand enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add C.
Whenever The God Hand or another Desert enters the battlefield under your control, if you control five or more Deserts with different names, create a 1/1 red Sand creature token.			normal	KNDREPLACEMEDesolate Tract		uncommon	Land — Desert 	268	C		T: Add C.
T, Sacrifice Desolate Tract: Destroy target land an opponent controls with an activated ability that isn’t a mana ability. You and that land’s controller each create a colorless Desert land token with “T: Add C.”			normal	KNDREPLACEMEVillage Matron	W	common	Creature — Human Citizen 	40	W	W	When Village Matron dies, conscript a Rebel. (Look at the top four cards of your library. Reveal a Rebel from them and put it into your hand or create a 1/1 Rebel token. Put the rest on the bottom.)	1/1		normal	KNDREPLACEMESigil Seeker	W	common	Creature — Human Rebel Scout 	30	W	1W	Sacrifice Sigil Seeker: Destroy target noncreature enchantment.	3/1		normal	KNDREPLACEMEAlluring Raconteur	W	common	Creature — Human Rebel Bard 	2	W	1W		2/1		adventure	KND	New Light Shines	W	Sorcery — Tale 	W	3W	Search your library for a Rebel permanent card with mana value 3 or less, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle. (Cast a copy of this once while this is on the battlefield.)			REPLACEMESpearfang Campaigner	W	common	Enchantment Creature — Cat Warrior 	34	W	1W	When Spearfang Campaigner enters the battlefield, add a 2/2 red Cat creature token with first strike to your bestiary. (If you would create a creature token, you may instead put one into play from your bestiary.)	2/2		normal	KNDREPLACEMEIndignant Lionheart	W	common	Creature — Human Rebel 	16	W	2W	When Indignant Lionheart enters the battlefield, conscript a Rebel. (Look at the top four cards of your library. Reveal a Rebel from them and put it into your hand or create a 1/1 Rebel token. Put the rest on the bottom.)	2/2		normal	KNDREPLACEMEPalace Retainer	W	common	Creature — Human Soldier 	21	W	2W	When Palace Retainer enters the battlefield, you may return another target nonland permanent you control to its owner’s hand. When you do, you gain 3 life.	3/2		normal	KNDREPLACEMETwilight Nomad	W	common	Enchantment Creature — Turtle Shaman 	37	W	2W	1, T: Tap target creature.	1/4		normal	KNDREPLACEMEKhazran Recruiter	W	common	Creature — Human Rebel 	18	W	3W	Whenever Khazran Recruiter attacks, create a 1/1 white and black Rebel creature token that’s tapped and attacking.
4W: Creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn.	3/3		normal	KNDREPLACEMERehengi Falconer	W	common	Creature — Human Druid 	27	W	3W	When Rehengi Falconer enters the battlefield, create a 2/2 white Bird creature token with flying, then add another to your bestiary. (If you would create a creature token, you may instead put one into play from your bestiary.)	1/1		normal	KNDREPLACEMEFestooned Eagle	W	common	Creature — Bird 	11	W	3W	Flying
Concord — Festooned Eagle has lifelink as long as there are four or more card types among permanents you control.	3/2		normal	KNDREPLACEMEUchana General	W	common	Enchantment Creature — Ox Warrior 	38	W	4W	Vigilance
Whenever Uchana General attacks, tap target nonenchantment creature defending player controls.	4/4		normal	KNDREPLACEMETemple Training	W	common	Sorcery	36	W	W	Create a 1/1 white and black Rebel creature token, then teach a creature you control first strike. (Put a counter of that kind on it. If it already has that ability, put a +1/+1 counter on it instead.)			normal	KNDREPLACEMEStrength of Spirits	W	common	Instant	35	W	1W	Teach target creature you control lifelink. It gains indestructible until end of turn. (Put a counter of that kind on it. If it already has that ability, put a +1/+1 counter on it instead.)			normal	KNDREPLACEMESee Past the Veil	W	common	Instant	29	W	1W	You gain 4 life.
Conscript a Rebel. (Look at the top four cards of your library. Reveal a Rebel from them and put it into your hand or create a 1/1 Rebel token. Put the rest on the bottom.)			normal	KNDREPLACEMESpear Volley	W	common	Instant	33	W	1W	Spear Volley deals 3 damage to target tapped creature.
Concord — Spear Volley deals 5 damage to that creature instead if there are four or more card types among permanents you control.			normal	KNDREPLACEMEChannel the Microcosmos	W	common	Sorcery	7	W	1W	Choose one or both —
• Exile target permanent with mana value 4 or greater.
• Exile target creature you control, then return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control.			normal	KNDREPLACEMEProvisional Machete	W	common	Kindred Artifact — Rebel Equipment 	24	W	1W	When Provisional Machete enters the battlefield, attach it to target Rebel creature you control.
Equipped creature gets +2/+1.
Equip 3			normal	KNDREPLACEMEBound in Silence	W	common	Kindred Enchantment — Rebel Aura 	5	W	2W	Enchant creature
Enchanted creature can’t attack or block.			normal	KNDREPLACEMESophic Augur	U	common	Creature — Human Wizard 	73	U	U	When Sophic Augur enters the battlefield, look at the top two cards of your library. Put one into your graveyard and the other back on top.	0/3		adventure	KND	Days of Yore	U	Sorcery — Tale 	U	3U	Return target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard to your hand. (Cast a copy of this once while this is on the battlefield.)			REPLACEMESugar-Cane Cultivators	U	common	Creature — Human Farmer 	76	U	1U	When Sugar-Cane Cultivators enters the battlefield, create a 0/3 colorless Scarecrow artifact creature token with reach.
Concord — T: Target player mills two cards. Activate only if there are four or more card types among permanents you control.	1/1		normal	KNDREPLACEMEMekini Eremite	U	common	Enchantment Creature — Turtle Monk 	62	U	2U	Mekini Eremite enters the battlefield with a shield counter on it. (If it would be dealt damage or destroyed, remove a shield counter from it instead.)
Mekini Eremite can’t be blocked as long as it has two or more different types of counters on it.	3/1		normal	KNDREPLACEMEIllusion Evoker	U	common	Creature — Human Rebel Bard 	60	U	1U		1/3		adventure	KND	Twilit Dream	U	Sorcery — Tale 	U	1U	Look at the top three cards of your library. Put one into your hand and the rest on the bottom in any order. (Cast a copy of this once while this is on the battlefield.)			REPLACEMESorcerer's Familiar	U	common	Creature — Bird 	74	U	1U	Flying
Whenever you cast your second spell each turn, Sorcerer’s Familiar gets +2/+0 until end of turn.	1/2		normal	KNDREPLACEMESkywise Mentor	U	common	Creature — Human Rebel 	72	U	2U	When Skywise Mentor enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 white and black Rebel creature token. If Skywise Mentor was the second spell you cast this turn, teach that token flying. (Put a counter of that kind on it. If it already has that ability, put a +1/+1 counter on it instead.)	1/3		normal	KNDREPLACEMEDeep-Dune Stirrer	U	common	Creature — Human Rebel Wizard 	55	U	3U	When Deep-Dune Stirrer enters the battlefield, add a 4/3 blue and red Sand Shark creature token with prowess to your bestiary. (If you would create a creature token, you may instead put one into play from your bestiary.)	2/4		normal	KNDREPLACEMEAspiring Astronomer	U	common	Creature — Human Wizard 	43	U	3U	This spell costs 2 less to cast if you cast an instant or sorcery spell this turn.
Vigilance	3/3		normal	KNDREPLACEMEFrostbeak Mystic	U	common	Enchantment Creature — Bird Wizard 	58	U	2U	Flying
Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, you may draw a card. If you do, discard a card.	2/1		adventure	KND	The Winds Shift	U	Sorcery — Tale 	U	U	Teach target creature you control flying. (Put a counter of that kind on it. If it already has that ability, put a +1/+1 counter on it instead.)			REPLACEMENightfall Raptor	U	common	Enchantment Creature — Bird Rogue 	63	U	4U	Flying
When Nightfall Raptor enters the battlefield, return up to one target nonenchantment creature to its owner’s hand.	3/2		normal	KNDREPLACEMEWarding Hex	U	common	Instant	79	U	U	Target creature you control gains hexproof until end of turn. Put a shield counter on it. (If it would be dealt damage or destroyed, remove a shield counter from it instead.)			normal	KNDREPLACEMESecrets of the Undercity	U	common	Sorcery	69	U	U	Teach target creature you control vigilance. Until end of turn, it gets +1/+0 and can’t be blocked. (Put a counter of that kind on it. If it already has that ability, put a +1/+1 counter on it instead.)			normal	KNDREPLACEMECorporeal Dispute	U	common	Instant	50	U	1U	Counter target creature or enchantment spell unless its controller pays 4.			normal	KNDREPLACEMECroak Tales	U	common	Sorcery	51	U	2U	This spell costs 2 less to cast if you control a creature with a Tale.
Draw two cards.			normal	KNDREPLACEMECloudcatch	U	common	Sorcery	48	U	2U	Return target creature to its owner’s hand. Draw a card.
Concord — If there are four or more card types among permanents you control, that creature’s owner puts it on the top or bottom of their library instead.			normal	KNDREPLACEMESubduing Palm	U	common	Sorcery	75	U	1U	Tap up to one target creature. It doesn’t untap during its controller’s next untap step.
Create a 2/1 green and blue Frog creature token with ward 2.			normal	KNDREPLACEMEWhispers on the Wind	U	common	Instant	80	U	2UU	Counter target spell.
Conscript a Rebel. (Look at the top four cards of your library. Reveal a Rebel from them and put it into your hand or create a 1/1 Rebel token. Put the rest on the bottom.)			normal	KNDREPLACEMEBewitching Glamour	U	common	Enchantment — Aura 	45	U	1U	Flash
Enchant creature
When Bewitching Glamour enters the battlefield, if it’s your main phase, draw a card.
Enchanted creature gets -3/-0.			normal	KNDREPLACEMEHighland Huntress	B	common	Creature — Human Rebel 	97	B	B	Menace
When Highland Huntress enters the battlefield, if it was the second spell you cast this turn, teach target creature you control menace. (Put a counter of that kind on it. If it already has that ability, put a +1/+1 counter on it instead.)	1/1		normal	KNDREPLACEMEKhalfani Confidant	B	common	Creature — Human Cleric 	99	B	1B	Flash
When Khalfani Confidant enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice a creature or discard a creature card. If you do, draw a card.	2/1		normal	KNDREPLACEMEAcolyte of Unkindness	B	common	Creature — Human Rebel 	82	B	1B	Concord — Pay 2 life: Acolyte of Unkindness gets +2/+2 until end of turn. Activate only if there are four or more card types among permanents you control and only once each turn.	2/2		normal	KNDREPLACEMELooming Vulture	B	common	Creature — Bird 	103	B	2B	Flying, deathtouch
When Looming Vulture enters the battlefield, mill three cards.	2/1		normal	KNDREPLACEMEGutter Scoundrel	B	common	Enchantment Creature — Rat Cleric 	96	B	2B	When Gutter Scoundrel enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice a creature. When you do, choose creature, enchantment, or planeswalker, then each opponent sacrifices a permanent of the chosen type.	3/1		normal	KNDREPLACEMEEternal Chaplain	B	common	Creature — Human Cleric 	90	B	2B	When Eternal Chaplain dies, put it on the bottom of its owner’s library.	3/2		adventure	KND	Sinister Seance	B	Sorcery — Tale 	B	1B	Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand. (Cast a copy of this once while this is on the battlefield.)			REPLACEMEGloomrapt Ranger	B	common	Enchantment Creature — Bird Rogue 	95	B	3B	Flying
Whenever you cast your second spell each turn, each opponent loses 2 life and you gain 2 life.	2/3		normal	KNDREPLACEMESomber Anarchist	B	common	Creature — Human Rebel 	114	B	3B	When Somber Anarchist enters the battlefield, if a creature died this turn, conscript a Rebel. (Look at the top four cards of your library. Reveal a Rebel from them and put it into your hand or create a 1/1 Rebel token. Put the rest on the bottom.)	3/3		normal	KNDREPLACEMEWayfaring Headhunter	B	common	Creature — Human Mercenary 	119	B	4B	Concord — When Wayfaring Headhunter enters the battlefield, if there are four or more card types among permanents you control, destroy target creature or planeswalker an opponent controls with mana value 3 or less.	3/3		normal	KNDREPLACEMEMambu Temple Brute	B	common	Enchantment Creature — Crocodile Warrior 	104	B	4BB		6/5		adventure	KND	Perilous Stunt	B	Sorcery — Tale 	B	2B	Each opponent loses 3 life, discards a card, and sacrifices a creature. (Cast a copy of this once while this is on the battlefield.)			REPLACEMEBy Blood and Venom	B	common	Instant	84	B	B	Until end of turn, target creature gains lifelink and “When this creature dies, return it to the battlefield tapped under its owner’s control.”			normal	KNDREPLACEMEFall Prey to the Hunt	B	common	Sorcery	91	B	B	Target creature gets -3/-3 until end of turn.			normal	KNDREPLACEMECaress of Dark Fumes	B	common	Sorcery	85	B	1B	Mill three cards. You gain 3 life.
Add a 0/0 black Shade creature token with “This creature gets +1/+1 for each creature card in your graveyard” to your bestiary. (If you would create a creature token, you may instead put one into play from your bestiary.)			normal	KNDREPLACEMEVisions of the Uprising	B	common	Sorcery	118	B	1B	Draw a card. You lose 1 life.
Conscript a Rebel. (Look at the top four cards of your library. Reveal a Rebel from them and put it into your hand or create a 1/1 Rebel token. Put the rest on the bottom.)			normal	KNDREPLACEMETomb of Alaj	B	common	Artifact	116	B	2B	When Tomb of Alaj enters the battlefield, target opponent discards two cards.
1, Sacrifice Tomb of Alaj: Exile target player’s graveyard. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	KNDREPLACEMERevenant Cleave	B	common	Instant	111	B	4B	Concord — This spell costs 4 less to cast if there are four or more card types among permanents you control.
Exile target creature or planeswalker.			normal	KNDREPLACEMENo One Left Behind	B	common	Sorcery	107	B	4B	This spell costs 3 less to cast if it targets a creature card with mana value 3 or less.
Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield.			normal	KNDREPLACEMEGates of Ifeh	B	common	Kindred Enchantment — Rebel 	94	B	2B	Whenever you attack, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.
2B, Sacrifice Gates of Ifeh: Each opponent loses 3 life and you gain 3 life.			normal	KNDREPLACEMEScreeching Rabble-Rousers	R	common	Enchantment Creature — Lizard Berserker 	154	R	R	Once each turn, whenever another creature enters the battlefield under your control, teach that creature haste. (Put a counter of that kind on it. If it already has that ability, put a +1/+1 counter on it instead.)	1/1		normal	KNDREPLACEMEBushland Militant	R	common	Creature — Human Rebel 	130	R	1R	When Bushland Militant enters the battlefield, create a colorless Equipment artifact token with “Equipped creature gets +2/+0” and equip 2.	2/2		normal	KNDREPLACEMEStudent of Korongo	R	common	Creature — Human Warrior 	157	R	1R	Menace, haste
Concord — R: Student of Korongo gets +2/+0 until end of turn. Activate only if there are four or more card types among permanents you control and only once each turn.	1/2		normal	KNDREPLACEMEAmidi Legionnaire	R	common	Creature — Human Warrior 	123	R	1R	Amidi Legionnaire has first strike as long as it’s attacking.	2/1		adventure	KND	Ride at Dawn	R	Sorcery — Tale 	R	4R	Creatures you control get +2/+0 until end of turn. (Cast a copy of this once while this is on the battlefield.)			REPLACEMEMsuji Arsonist	R	common	Enchantment Creature — Lizard Archer 	144	R	2R	When Msuji Arsonist enters the battlefield, choose one —
• Destroy target artifact.
• Return target artifact card from your graveyard to your hand.	2/1		normal	KNDREPLACEMEDust Puppeteer	R	common	Creature — Human Shaman 	136	R	2R	When Dust Puppeteer enters the battlefield, if you control a Desert, create a 1/1 red Sand creature token.	3/2		normal	KNDREPLACEMEBrazen Firedancer	R	common	Creature — Human Rebel Bard 	129	R	2R	Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, Brazen Firedancer deals 1 damage to each opponent.	3/1		adventure	KND	Yamoto Eruption	R	Sorcery — Tale 	R	1R	Discard up to two cards, then draw that many cards. (Cast a copy of this once while this is on the battlefield.)			REPLACEMETomb Bandit	R	common	Creature — Human Rogue 	159	R	3R	When Tomb Bandit enters the battlefield, create a Treasure token.	3/3		adventure	KND	Firespike Trap	R	Sorcery — Tale 	R	7R	Firespike Trap deals 5 damage to any target. (Cast a copy of this once while this is on the battlefield.)			REPLACEMEBarrelling Cavalry	R	common	Creature — Human Rebel 	127	R	3R	Concord — Whenever Barrelling Cavalry attacks, if there are four or more card types among permanents you control, target creature defending player controls can’t block this turn.	4/3		normal	KNDREPLACEMERehengi Steed	R	common	Creature — Rhino 	148	R	4R	Trample
When Rehengi Steed enters the battlefield, conscript a Rebel. (Look at the top four cards of your library. Reveal a Rebel from them and put it into your hand or create a 1/1 Rebel token. Put the rest on the bottom.)	4/4		normal	KNDREPLACEMEEdgeland Guardians	R	common	Enchantment Creature — Cat Warrior 	137	R	5R	Reach
When Edgeland Guardians enters the battlefield, it deals damage to each opponent equal to the number of Deserts you control.	5/5		normal	KNDREPLACEMEShock	R	common	Instant	155	R	R	Shock deals 2 damage to any target.			normal	KNDREPLACEMEChampion's Rage	R	common	Instant	133	R	1R	Target creature gains double strike until end of turn.
Concord — If there are four or more card types among permanents you control, that creature gets +2/+0 until end of turn.			normal	KNDREPLACEMEBetween Sun and Sand	R	common	Sorcery	128	R	1R	Create a 1/1 red Sand creature token.
Conscript a Rebel. (Look at the top four cards of your library. Reveal a Rebel from them and put it into your hand or create a 1/1 Rebel token. Put the rest on the bottom.)			normal	KNDREPLACEMESandshaping	R	common	Sorcery	152	R	1R	Destroy target land you control or nonbasic land. Its controller creates a colorless Desert land token with “T: Add C.”
Draw a card.			normal	KNDREPLACEMEAncestral Flame	R	common	Instant	124	R	2R	Ancestral Flame deals 3 damage to target creature or planeswalker. If you cast another instant or sorcery spell this turn, Ancestral Flame deals 6 damage to that permanent instead.			normal	KNDREPLACEMECitadel Pyre	R	common	Artifact	134	R	3R	When Citadel Pyre enters the battlefield, it deals 4 damage to target creature or planeswalker.
R, Sacrifice Citadel Pyre, Discard a card: Draw a card.			normal	KNDREPLACEMEAudience Participation	R	common	Enchantment — Aura 	125	R	3R	Enchant creature
When Audience Participation enters the battlefield, gain control of enchanted creature until end of turn. Untap it. It gains haste until end of turn.
Enchanted creature can’t block.			normal	KNDREPLACEMEMegafauna Tracker	G	common	Creature — Human Rebel Scout 	187	G	1G	Megafauna Tracker gets +1/+2 as long as you control six or more lands.	2/1		adventure	KND	A Gentle Herd	G	Sorcery — Tale 	G	5G	Add two 4/4 green Elephant creature tokens with trample to your bestiary. (If you would create a creature token, you may instead put one into play from your bestiary.)			REPLACEMEField Pioneer	G	common	Enchantment Creature — Mouse Scout 	177	G	1G	When Field Pioneer enters the battlefield, mill three cards, then you may return a land card from your graveyard to your hand.	1/1		normal	KNDREPLACEMEEdgeland Sentry	G	common	Creature — Human Scout 	175	G	1G	When Edgeland Sentry enters the battlefield, teach target creature you control vigilance. (Put a counter of that kind on it. If it already has that ability, put a +1/+1 counter on it instead.)	2/2		normal	KNDREPLACEMESpeaker of the Pride	G	common	Creature — Human Druid 	193	G	2G	When Speaker of the Pride enters the battlefield, draw a card.
T: Add one mana of any type a Desert you control could produce.	2/2		normal	KNDREPLACEMESavage Silverback	G	common	Creature — Ape 	191	G	2G	Whenever a counter is put on Savage Silverback, it gains indestructible until end of turn.	3/3		normal	KNDREPLACEMEAm'Atambi's Wildkin	G	common	Enchantment Creature — Spider Warrior 	163	G	2G	Reach
When Am’Atambi’s Wildkin dies, teach target creature you control reach. (Put a counter of that kind on it. If it already has that ability, put a +1/+1 counter on it instead.)	4/1		normal	KNDREPLACEMESlimefoot Knight	G	common	Enchantment Creature — Frog Knight 	192	G	3G	Ward 2 (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player pays 2.)	3/2		adventure	KND	Hop-Along	G	Sorcery — Tale 	G	1G	Create a 2/1 green and blue Frog creature token with ward 2. (Cast a copy of this once while this is on the battlefield.)			REPLACEMELoyal Strongjaw	G	common	Creature — Hippo 	184	G	3G	Whenever Loyal Strongjaw attacks, if it has two or more different types of counters on it, you gain 4 life.	4/4		normal	KNDREPLACEMEBroadhide Patrol	G	common	Creature — Human Rebel 	167	G	4G	Challenge (This creature can’t be blocked by more than one creature.)	5/3		adventure	KND	The Crash	G	Sorcery — Tale 	G	3G	Until end of turn, target creature you control gets +2/+2, gains trample, and must be blocked if able. (Cast a copy of this once while this is on the battlefield.)			REPLACEMEHulking Herdleader	G	common	Creature — Elephant 	183	G	6GG	2G, Discard Hulking Herdleader: Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt this turn.	10/10		normal	KNDREPLACEMEConqueror's Mentality	G	common	Instant	171	G	G	Target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each Desert you control.			normal	KNDREPLACEMETrials of the Tiny	G	common	Sorcery	198	G	G	Create a 1/1 white Mouse creature token, then teach a creature you control deathtouch. (Put a counter of that kind on it. If it already has that ability, put a +1/+1 counter on it instead.)			normal	KNDREPLACEMEThundering Charge	G	common	Instant	197	G	1G	Target creature gets +3/+3 until end of turn. Teach it trample. (Put a counter of that kind on it. If it already has that ability, put a +1/+1 counter on it instead.)			normal	KNDREPLACEMEBroken Wings	G	common	Instant	168	G	2G	Destroy target artifact, enchantment, or creature with flying.			normal	KNDREPLACEMEBarren Passage	G	common	Sorcery	165	G	2G	As an additional cost to cast this spell, pay 2 or sacrifice a land.
Search your library for a basic land card and a Desert card, put them onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	KNDREPLACEMEUnweave the Tangle	G	common	Sorcery	200	G	2G	Mill five cards. Return up to one creature card and up to one land card milled this way from your graveyard to your hand.			normal	KNDREPLACEMECrush Underfoot	G	common	Instant	173	G	3G	Target creature you control deals damage equal to its power to target creature you don’t control. Add a 4/4 green Elephant creature token with trample to your bestiary. (If you would create a creature token, you may instead put one into play from your bestiary.)			normal	KNDREPLACEMEMark of the Brigade	G	common	Enchantment — Aura 	186	G	1G	Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2.
When enchanted creature dies, create a 1/1 white Mouse creature token.			normal	KNDREPLACEMEConsecrated Statuary		common	Artifact	239	C	1	6, T, Sacrifice Consecrated Statuary: Destroy target nonland permanent.			normal	KNDREPLACEMEProphetic Prism		common	Artifact	252	C	2	When Prophetic Prism enters the battlefield, draw a card.
1, T: Add one mana of any color.			normal	KNDREPLACEMEDune Scrapper		common	Artifact Creature — Sand Construct 	242	C	3	When Dune Scrapper enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a basic land card or Desert card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.	1/1		normal	KNDREPLACEMESandstone Sentinels		common	Artifact Creature — Sand Construct 	253	C	5	When Sandstone Sentinels enters the battlefield, create a tapped colorless Desert land token with “T: Add C.”
9: Sandstone Sentinels has base power and toughness 9/9 until end of turn.	3/3		normal	KNDREPLACEMETrumpeting Caravan		common	Artifact — Vehicle 	260	C	5	Trample
When Trumpeting Caravan enters the battlefield, add a 4/4 green Elephant creature token with trample to your bestiary. (If you would create a creature token, you may instead put one into play from your bestiary.)
Crew 4	7/7		normal	KNDREPLACEMEStaff of M'Gana		common	Artifact — Equipment 	255	C	1	Whenever equipped creature attacks, create a Treasure token. If equipped creature is equipped with Mask of M’Gana and Shawl of M’Gana, draw a card.
Equip 2			normal	KNDREPLACEMEMask of M'Gana		common	Artifact — Equipment 	249	C	2	Equipped creature has vigilance and menace.
As long as equipped creature is equipped with Shawl of M’Gana and Staff of M’Gana, prevent all combat damage that would be dealt to it.
Equip 2			normal	KNDREPLACEMEShawl of M'Gana		common	Artifact — Equipment 	254	C	3	When Shawl of M’Gana enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 white and black Rebel creature token, then attach Shawl of M’Gana to it.
Equipped creature gets +1/+1. If it’s equipped with Mask of M’Gana and Staff of M’Gana, it gets +3/+3 instead.
Equip 2			normal	KNDREPLACEMEVibrant Headland		common	Land — Desert 	277	C		Vibrant Headland enters the battlefield tapped.
When Vibrant Headland enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you pay 1.
T: Add one mana of any color.			normal	KNDREPLACEMEForsaken Sanctuary		common	Land — Desert 	270	C		T: Add C.
4, T, Sacrifice Forsaken Sanctuary: Create two 1/1 red Sand creature tokens. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	KNDREPLACEMEDunesea Expanse		common	Land — Desert 	269	WU		Dunesea Expanse enters the battlefield tapped unless you control another Desert.
T: Add W or U.			normal	KNDREPLACEMECrumbling Aqueduct		common	Land — Desert 	266	UB		Crumbling Aqueduct enters the battlefield tapped unless you control another Desert.
T: Add U or B.			normal	KNDREPLACEMEBloodsand Gulch		common	Land — Desert 	264	BR		Bloodsand Gulch enters the battlefield tapped unless you control another Desert.
T: Add B or R.			normal	KNDREPLACEMEBlooming Needles		common	Land — Desert 	265	RG		Blooming Needles enters the battlefield tapped unless you control another Desert.
T: Add R or G.			normal	KNDREPLACEMESundappled Scrub		common	Land — Desert 	275	WG		Sundappled Scrub enters the battlefield tapped unless you control another Desert.
T: Add G or W.			normal	KNDREPLACEMEDesiccated Trail		common	Land — Desert 	267	WB		Desiccated Trail enters the battlefield tapped unless you control another Desert.
T: Add W or B.			normal	KNDREPLACEMERot-Sand Ruins		common	Land — Desert 	274	BG		Rot-Sand Ruins enters the battlefield tapped unless you control another Desert.
T: Add B or G.			normal	KNDREPLACEMENestled Delta		common	Land — Desert 	272	UG		Nestled Delta enters the battlefield tapped unless you control another Desert.
T: Add G or U.			normal	KNDREPLACEMEArcane Oasis		common	Land — Desert 	262	UR		Arcane Oasis enters the battlefield tapped unless you control another Desert.
T: Add U or R.			normal	KNDREPLACEMEArid Causeway		common	Land — Desert 	263	WR		Arid Causeway enters the battlefield tapped unless you control another Desert.
T: Add R or W.			normal	KNDREPLACEMEReflecting Canyon		common	Land — Desert 	273	C		When Reflecting Canyon enters the battlefield, you lose 2 life, then choose two colors.
T: Add one mana of either of the chosen colors.			normal	KNDREPLACEMEPlains		common	Basic Land — Plains 	279	C					normal	KNDREPLACEMEIsland		common	Basic Land — Island 	281	C					normal	KNDREPLACEMESwamp		common	Basic Land — Swamp 	283	C					normal	KNDREPLACEMEMountain		common	Basic Land — Mountain 	285	C					normal	KNDREPLACEMEForest		common	Basic Land — Forest 	287	C					normal	KNDREPLACEMEPlains		common	Basic Land — Plains 	280	C					normal	KNDREPLACEMEIsland		common	Basic Land — Island 	282	C					normal	KNDREPLACEMESwamp		common	Basic Land — Swamp 	284	C					normal	KNDREPLACEMEMountain		common	Basic Land — Mountain 	286	C					normal	KNDREPLACEMEForest		common	Basic Land — Forest 	288	C					normal	KNDREPLACEMEMouse	W	common	Token Creature — Mouse 	4	W			1/1		token	KNDREPLACEMEBird Knight	W	common	Token Creature — Bird Knight 	3	W		Lifelink	2/2		token	KNDREPLACEMEBird	W	common	Token Creature — Bird 	2	W		Flying	2/2		token	KNDREPLACEMEBird Warrior	U	common	Token Creature — Bird Warrior 	5	U			3/3		token	KNDREPLACEMEShade	B	common	Token Creature — Shade 	6	B		This creature gets +1/+1 for each creature card in your graveyard.	0/0		token	KNDREPLACEMESnake	B	common	Token Creature — Snake 	7	B			3/2		token	KNDREPLACEMESand	R	common	Token Creature — Sand 	10	R			1/1		token	KNDREPLACEMEBird Soldier	R	common	Token Creature — Bird Soldier 	8	R		Double strike	1/1		token	KNDREPLACEMESpider	G	common	Token Creature — Spider 	13	G		Reach	1/2		token	KNDREPLACEMEElephant	G	common	Token Creature — Elephant 	12	G		Trample	4/4		token	KNDREPLACEMEAll-Mother's Soul	G	common	Token Creature — Incarnation 	11	G		Trample
When All-Mother’s Soul enters the battlefield, add a token copy of All-Mother’s Soul to your bestiary.               	6/6		token	KNDREPLACEMERebel	WB	common	Token Creature — Rebel 	16	WB			1/1		token	KNDREPLACEMECat	R	common	Token Creature — Cat 	9	R		First strike	2/2		token	KNDREPLACEMESand Shark	UR	common	Token Creature — Sand Shark 	17	UR		Prowess	4/3		token	KNDREPLACEMEFrog	UG	common	Token Creature — Frog 	15	UG		Ward 2	2/1		token	KNDREPLACEMEArmy		common	Token Creature — Army 	14	WUBRG		This creature is all colors.	*/*		token	KNDREPLACEMESand Construct		common	Token Artifact Creature — Sand Construct 	21	C			3/3		token	KNDREPLACEMEJwanga Djitu		common	Legendary Token Artifact Creature — Sand Construct 	19	C		Indestructible	10/10		token	KNDREPLACEMEScarecrow		common	Token Artifact Creature — Scarecrow 	22	C		Reach	0/3		token	KNDREPLACEMETreasure		common	Token Artifact — Treasure 	23	C		T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.			token	KNDREPLACEMEEquipment		common	Token Artifact — Equipment 	18	C		Equipped creature gets +2/+0.
Equip 2			token	KNDREPLACEMERazor's Edge		common	Token Artifact	20	C		Attacking creatures you control get +1/+0.			token	KNDREPLACEMEDesert		common	Token Land — Desert 	24	C		T: Add C.			token	KNDREPLACEMECopy		common	Token	1	C					token	KNDREPLACEME