Arbiter of Equity	W	cube	Creature – Angel 	8	W	WW	FlyingNEWLINEDuring your turn, your opponent can’t cast spells that target or activate abilities that target.	2/2		normal	ACE		\nCybres-Clan Arbiter	W	cube	Creature – Centaur Cleric 	19	W	1W	VigilanceNEWLINEAs Cybres-Clan Arbiter enters, look at an opponent’s hand, then choose a noncreature card name.NEWLINESpells with the chosen name cost 2 more to cast.	2/3		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nBetsy Mae Moss, Legionette	W	cube	Legendary Creature – Human Pirate 	14	W	1W	AgileNEWLINEAs long as Betsy Mae Moss entered or attacked this turn, your opponents can’t cast noncreature spells.	3/1		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nGao'Wu, Humble Sibyl	W	cube	Legendary Creature – Human Bard 	26	W	1W	First strikeNEWLINENoncreature spells with mana value 3 or greater cost 1 more to cast.NEWLINECreatures with mana value 3 or greater enter tapped.	2/1		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nJorah's Adjudicator	W	cube	Creature – Angel Warrior 	32	W	1W	FlashNEWLINEFlyingNEWLINEIf a creature would enter under an opponent’s control and it wasn’t cast, instead exile that creature and that player creates a 1/1 white Cleric creature token.	2/1		normal	ACE		\nQueen Saleh Amidi	W	cube	Legendary Creature – Human Noble 	43	W	1W	LifelinkNEWLINEAt the beginning of your upkeep, you may have each player draw a card.	2/3		adventure	ACE		Chasten	W	Sorcery – Tale 	W	W	Look at target opponent’s hand. You may exile a nonland card from it. For as long as that card remains exiled, its owner may cast it. It costs 2 more to cast this way.				!eggprint\nAcolyte of Enlightenment	W	cube	Creature – Human Cleric 	3	W	WW	When Acolyte of Enlightenment enters, invoke Angel. (Begin or advance the Path of the Angel.)	2/2		normal	ACE		\nGrievous Champion	W	cube	Creature – Human Knight 	29	W	1W	VigilanceNEWLINEIf an opponent would search their library, that player searches their graveyard instead.	2/3		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nRedtail Fencer	W	cube	Creature – Fox Soldier 	44	W	1W	First strikeNEWLINEWhenever an opponent casts a noncreature spell, you gain 2 life.	2/1		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nKiri, Corporeal Conduit	W	cube	Legendary Creature – Fox Spirit 	34	W	1W	LifelinkNEWLINEWhenever one or more other creatures with power 2 or less enter under your control, you gain 1 life. If your life total is greater than your starting life total, draw a card instead. This ability triggers only once each turn.	1/4		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nDockside Sleuth	W	cube	Creature – Human Scout 	20	W	1W	When Dockside Sleuth enters, create a Clue token. (It’s an artifact with “2, Sacrifice this: Draw a card.”)	2/2		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nArmistice Enforcer	W	cube	Snow Creature – Fox Archer 	11	W	1W	First strikeNEWLINEWanderlust – As long as you control four or more differently named lands, players can’t draw more than one card each turn, and players can’t cast more than one spell each turn.	2/1		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nQi Lai, the Dancing Blade	W	cube	Legendary Creature – Human Warrior 	42	W	2W	When Qi Lai enters, search your library for an Equipment card and reveal it. If it has mana value 2 or less, put it onto the battlefield. Otherwise, put it into your hand. Then shuffle.NEWLINE1W: Attach an Equipment you control to target creature you control. Activate only as a sorcery.	2/2		normal	ACE		\nMaritime Recruiter	W	cube	Creature – Human Bard 	38	W	2W	When Maritime Recruiter enters, search your library for a creature card with total power and toughness 4 or less, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.	1/1		normal	ACE		\nSpindleghast	W	cube	Creature – Spirit 	51	W	1WW	LifelinkNEWLINEWhen Spindleghast enters, target nonland permanent an opponent controls becomes a colorless artifact with no abilities until Spindleghast leaves.	3/1		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nCai Lan, the Puppeteer	W	cube	Legendary Creature – Human Bard 	17	W	1WW	VigilanceNEWLINEWhen Cai Lan enters, exile target nonland permanent an opponent controls with mana value 2 or less. Its controller creates an Idol token.	2/3		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nAlms Hall Enforcer	W	cube	Creature – Angel 	4	W	2W	FlyingNEWLINENonwhite spells cost 1 more to cast.	2/1		normal	ACE		\nHerald of Dawn	W	cube	Creature – Angel 	31	W	2W	FlyingNEWLINEWhenever you gain life, put that many +1/+1 counters on target creature you control.NEWLINE1W: Herald of Dawn gains lifelink until end of turn.	1/3		normal	ACE		\nVicar of Elder Contract	W	cube	Creature – Human Cleric 	57	W	1WW	LifelinkNEWLINEIf one or more creature tokens would be created under your control, you may have that many token copies of Vicar of Elder Contract be created instead.NEWLINETap ten untapped Clerics you control: You gain 100 life.	3/3		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nWayward Crew	W	cube	Creature – Human Pirate 	58	W	2W	Whenever one or more creatures with power 2 or less enter under your control, create a Clue token.NEWLINEWhenever you sacrifice a Clue, put a +1/+1 counter on target permanent you control.	3/2		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nBishop of Sophic Salt	W	cube	Creature – Human Cleric 	16	W	2W	When Bishop of Sophic Salt enters, invoke Angel. (Begin or advance the Path of the Angel.)NEWLINEBishop of Sophic Salt gets +3/+3 and has flying and vigilance as long as your life total is greater than your starting life total.	1/1		normal	ACE		\nLijing, the Great Partisan	W	cube	Legendary Creature – Elder Fox Spirit 	35	W	2WW	VigilanceNEWLINELijing has indestructible as long as a Fox entered under your control this turn.NEWLINEWhenever an opponent draws a card, draw a card unless that player has you create a 2/1 red and white Fox creature token.	3/4		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nArchangel of Rekindling	W	cube	Creature – Angel 	10	W	2WW	FlashNEWLINEFlyingNEWLINEWhen Archangel of Rekindling enters, exile up to one other target permanent. Return that card to the battlefield under its owner’s control at the beginning of their next upkeep.	3/3		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nAmbervale Sky Captain	W	cube	Creature – Human Knight 	5	W	2WW	Flying, vigilanceNEWLINEWhenever Ambervale Sky Captain attacks, create a 2/2 white Knight creature token with vigilance that’s attacking.NEWLINEOther Knight creatures you control get +1/+1.	3/3		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nGadriel, Fateseeker	W	cube	Legendary Creature – Angel Warrior 	25	W	2WW	Fatefall (When this dies, you may activate one of its activated abilities without paying its cost.)NEWLINE2W: Return target creature card with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield with a finality counter on it. It can’t block this turn.	3/4		normal	ACE		\nGilded Vindicator	W	cube	Creature – Human Rebel 	28	W	3W	First strikeNEWLINEWhen Gilded Vindicator enters, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.NEWLINEConcord – As long as there are four or more card types among permanents you control, creatures you control attacking cause abilities of that creature to trigger as though that creature entered.	3/1		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nAngel of Guiding Light	W	cube	Creature – Angel 	6	W	3WW	FlyingNEWLINEWhen Angel of Guiding Light enters, you gain 4 life.NEWLINEPlainscycling 1 (1, Discard this card: Search your library for a Plains card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.)	4/4		normal	ACE		\nMaven of Facades	W	cube	Creature – Mutant Warlock 	39	W	3WW	VigilanceNEWLINEWhen Maven of Facades enters, create a white Enchantment token named Cover-Up with “When this enchantment enters, exile target creature an opponent controls until this enchantment leaves.”NEWLINEMaven of Facades gets +1/+1 for each artifact and/or enchantment you control.	1/1		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nArchangel of Balance	W	cube	Creature – Angel Warrior 	9	W	3WW	FlyingNEWLINEWhen Archangel of Balance enters, each player chooses a number of cards in their hand equal to the fewest number of cards in any player’s hand, then discards the rest.	5/5		adventure	ACE		Divine Compromise	W	Instant – Adventure 	W	W	Exile target creature. Its controller draws a card. (Then exile this card. You may cast the creature later from exile.)				!eggprint\nAnnalisa, the Divine Light	W	cube	Legendary Creature – Angel 	7	W	4WWW	FlyingNEWLINEAs Annalisa enters, choose a card type.NEWLINEYour opponents can’t cast spells of the chosen type.	7/7		normal	ACE		\nSeal the Gateway	W	cube	Instant	47	W	W	Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)NEWLINETarget creature or planeswalker an opponent controls phases out. If you’re in a renaissance, exile it instead.			normal	ACE		!eggprint\nAssimilate	W	cube	Sorcery	13	W	W	The owner of target creature may put it into their library third from the top. If they don’t, exile it.			normal	ACE		\nSet in Stone	W	cube	Instant	48	W	1W	Destroy target creature or planeswalker. Its controller creates two Idol tokens. (They’re artifacts with “1, Sacrifice this artifact: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.”)			normal	ACE		\nDream Sequence	W	cube	Sorcery	21	W	1WW	Exile target nonland permanent.			normal	ACE		\nBigger Fish	W	cube	Instant	15	W	1W	Exile target creature or planeswalker with mana value 3 or greater.			normal	ACE		\nExonerate	W	cube	Sorcery	23	W	W	Exile target creature or planeswalker with mana value less than or equal to the number of nonland permanents you control.			normal	ACE		!eggprint\nRestore Justice	W	cube	Sorcery	45	W	2W	Choose any number of nonland permanent types. For each type chosen, each player that doesn’t control the fewest number of permanents of that type sacrifices a permanent of that type. Then each player that doesn’t have the fewest number of cards in their hand discards a card.			normal	ACE		\nThe Fate of Man	W	cube	Sorcery	24	W	2WW	Destroy all creatures.			normal	ACE		\nEnd of Days	W	cube	Sorcery	22	W	3WW	Choose a nonland permanent type, then destroy all nonland permanents that aren’t of the chosen type.			normal	ACE		!eggprint\nKhamsin	W	cube	Sorcery	33	W	3W	Destroy all lands. Each player creates a tapped colorless Desert land token with “T: Add C.”			normal	ACE		\nCall Forth	W	cube	Sorcery	18	W	XW	Search your library for a white enchantment or planeswalker card with mana value X or less, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	ACE		\nArrival of the Sun Fleet	W	cube	Sorcery	12	W	4WW	Search your library for a Vehicle card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle. Create a 1/1 white Pirate creature token with “This creature crews Vehicles as though its power were 2 greater.”NEWLINESwansong (Then you may exile this. If you do, you can’t cast spells for the rest of the game, and at the beginning of each of your upkeeps, copy this spell except for swansong.)			normal	ACE		!eggprint\nRivha's Blessed Blade	W	cube	Legendary Artifact – Equipment 	46	W	1W	Equipped creature gets +1/+1 and has flying.NEWLINEEquipped creature dealing combat damage to a player causes abilities of that creature to trigger as though it entered.NEWLINEEquip 1W			normal	ACE		!eggprint\nGavel of the Gods	W	cube	Artifact – Equipment 	27	W	W	Equipped creature gets +4/+4.NEWLINEWhenever equipped creature deals combat damage to a player, exile target nonland permanent that player controls.NEWLINEEquip 6			normal	ACE		\nThrough the Looking Glass	W	cube	Enchantment	52	W	2W	When Through the Looking Glass enters, target nonland permanent an opponent controls phases out until Through the Looking Glass leaves. (While it’s phased out, treat it and anything attached to it as though they don’t exist.)			normal	ACE		\nPact of Enlightenment	W	cube	Enchantment	41	W	W	When Pact of Enlightenment enters, invoke Angel. (Begin or advance the Path of the Angel.)NEWLINEW, Sacrifice Pact of Enlightenment: Exile target nonland permanent an opponent controls with mana value 3 or less. Activate only during your turn and only if you control an Angel.			normal	ACE		\nTime's Abrasion	W	cube	Enchantment – Aura 	53	W	W	Enchant creatureNEWLINEEnchanted creature is a Clue artifact with “2, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.” It loses all other card types and abilities.			normal	ACE		\nMigratory Path	W	cube	Enchantment	40	W	2WW	When Migratory Path enters, exile up to three target creatures until Migratory Path leaves.NEWLINEAt the beginning of your upkeep, return a creature card exiled with Migratory Path to the battlefield under its owner’s control. Then if there are no cards exiled with Migratory Path, sacrifice it.			normal	ACE		!eggprint\nTip the Scales	W	cube	Enchantment	55	W	1WW	When Tip the Scales enters, you become the warlord. (Draw a card at your end step if you attacked this turn. Whenever you’re dealt combat damage by a creature, its controller becomes the warlord.)NEWLINEAt the beginning of your upkeep, if you’re the warlord, create a 3/3 white and black Angel creature token with flying.			normal	ACE		\nMantle of Devotion	W	cube	Enchantment	37	W	1W	At the beginning of combat on your turn, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control with mana value 3 or less. It gains indestructible until end of turn.			adventure	ACE		Skyward Bound	W	Sorcery – Tale 	W	2W	Create a 3/3 white and black Angel creature token with flying. (Cast a copy of this once while this is on the battlefield.)				\nTiny Heroine Totti	W	cube	Legendary Planeswalker – Totti 	54	W	1WW			Your opponents can’t search libraries unless they pay 2.NEWLINE[+2]: If an opponent has more life than you, you gain 2 life.NEWLINE[0]: If an opponent controls more creatures than you, you create two 1/1 white Gnome creature tokens.NEWLINE[-4]: Search your library for a creature card with mana value 2, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.	planeswalker	ACE	3	!eggprint\nSeto San, Dragonblade	W	cube	Legendary Planeswalker – Seto 	49	W	1WW			As long as it’s your turn, Seto San is a 3/3 Human Warrior creature with indestructible.NEWLINE[+1]: Up to one target creature you control gains lifelink until end of turn.NEWLINE[0]: Create a 1/1 white Warrior creature token.NEWLINE[-X]: Search your library for an Aura or Equipment card with mana value X and put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.	planeswalker	ACE	3	!eggprint\nMafua, Oathseeker	W	cube	Legendary Planeswalker – Mafua 	36	W	3W			Whenever you attack with two or more creatures, you may activate one of Mafua’s loyalty abilities.NEWLINE[+1]: Put a +1/+1 counter on up to one target creature.NEWLINE[-1]: Exile target creature. Return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control at the beginning of the next end step.NEWLINE[-2]: Return target creature card with mana valueNEWLINE3 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield.	planeswalker	ACE	3	!eggprint\nVelia Sol, Queen of the Flock	W	cube	Legendary Planeswalker – Velia 	56	W	2WW			As long as Velia Sol isn’t on the battlefield, she’s a 4/4 Angel creature in addition to her other types.NEWLINE[+1]: Put a flying counter and a lifelink counter on up to one target creature. It becomes an Angel.NEWLINE[0]: Until end of turn, Velia Sol becomes a 4/4 Angel creature with flying, lifelink, and indestructible.NEWLINE[-6]: You get an emblem with “Whenever an Angel you control attacks, exile target nonland permanent defending player controls.”	planeswalker	ACE	4	\nHeping, at War's End	W	cube	Legendary Planeswalker – Heping 	30	W	3WW			[+1]: Target opponent can’t cast more than one spell during their next turn.NEWLINE[0]: Another target nonland permanent phases out until your next turn. If that permanent didn’t phase in this turn, Heping phases out.NEWLINE[-7]: Each opponent gets an emblem with “For the rest of the game, you can only attack once.”	planeswalker	ACE	4	\nSeto San, the Sacred Hand	W	cube	Legendary Planeswalker – Seto 	50	W	3WW			[+1]: Create two 1/1 white Warrior creature tokens. You gain 2 life.NEWLINE[-2]: Destroy each creature with the greatest power or tied for the greatest power among creatures on the battlefield.NEWLINE[-5]: Creatures you control get +X/+X and gain lifelink until end of turn, where X is the number of creatures you control.	planeswalker	ACE	3	!eggprint\nProdigious Panya	U	cube	Legendary Creature – Mouse Warrior 	94	U	U	FlashNEWLINEFlyingNEWLINEProdigious Panya has base power NEWLINEand toughness 4/4 during extra NEWLINEturns.	1/1		adventure	ACE		Great Escapade	U	Sorcery – Tale 	U	3UU	If it isn’t an extra turn, take an extra turn after this one. (Cast a copy of this spell once while this creature is on the battlefield.)				!eggprint\nCane Dancer	U	cube	Creature – Human Monk 	66	U	1U	FlashNEWLINEWhen Cane Dancer enters, you may cast target blue instant or sorcery card with mana value 2 from your graveyard without paying its mana cost. If that card would be put into your graveyard this turn, exile it instead.	1/2		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nGraduate Student	U	cube	Creature – Human Wizard 	81	U	1U	You have no maximum hand size.NEWLINET: Draw a card, then discard a card unless you pay 2.	0/2		adventure	ACE		Dissertation	U	Sorcery – Adventure 	U	3UU	Each player shuffles their hand and graveyard into their library, then draws seven cards. (Then exile this card. You may cast the creature later from exile.)				!eggprint\nDreadlich Captain	U	cube	Creature – Zombie Pirate 	74	U	1U	Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token with decayed. (It can’t block. When it attacks, sacrifice it at end of combat.)NEWLINE3, Sacrifice three other Zombies: Create a 6/6 black Zombie Horror creature token. It can’t block this turn.	2/1		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nEli, Wise to the Winds	U	cube	Legendary Creature – Mutant Warlock 	75	U	1U	Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, create a tapped 2/2 blue Drake Construct artifact creature token with flying. That token doesn’t untap during your untap step for as long as you control Eli. This ability triggers only once each turn.NEWLINE1U, Sacrifice a creature: Copy target instant or sorcery spell with mana value 3 or less. You may choose new targets for the copy.	0/1		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nThe Crowspeaker	U	cube	Creature – Human Shaman 	72	U	UU	T: Surveil 1. Then if you have no cards in your library, you win the game.	1/3		adventure	ACE		The Gift	U	Instant – Tale 	U	3UUU	Draw up to ten cards. You have no maximum hand size until your next turn. (Cast a copy of this once while this is on the battlefield.)				!eggprint\nAcolyte of Genius	U	cube	Creature – Human Warlock 	59	U	UU	When Acolyte of Genius, invoke Sphinx. (Begin or advance the Path of the Sphinx.)	2/2		normal	ACE		\nForaging Stoat	U	cube	Snow Creature – Weasel 	79	U	2U	When Foraging Stoat enters, search your library for a noncreature card with mana value 1, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.	2/2		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nArchive Curator	U	cube	Creature – Sphinx 	61	U	2U	FlashNEWLINEFlyingNEWLINEWhen Archive Curator enters, look at target player’s hand and the bottom card of their library, then you may choose a nonland card from their hand. If you do, they exchange the chosen card with the bottom card of their library.	2/2		normal	ACE		\nShino, the Fleeting Mist	U	cube	Legendary Creature – Shapeshifter 	100	U	1U	You may have Shino enter as a copy of any creature on the battlefield, except it has “At the beginning of your upkeep, torment yourself.” (You lose 3 life unless you discard a card or sacrifice a nonland permanent.)	0/0		normal	ACE		\nGrand Artificer Rudlington	U	cube	Legendary Creature – Human Artificer 	82	U	1UU	Whenever you cast an artifact spell, create a 1/1 colorless Construct artifact creature token.NEWLINE2U, T, Sacrifice two artifacts: Search your library for an artifact card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.	1/3		normal	ACE		\nWorldwatcher	U	cube	Creature – Sphinx 	114	U	2UU	FlyingNEWLINEWhenever an opponent casts a spell, create a Clue token.NEWLINESacrifice seven Clues: Draw seven cards.	3/4		normal	ACE		\nPowder Scatterer	U	cube	Creature – Faerie Wizard 	92	U	1UU	FlashNEWLINEFlyingNEWLINEWhen Powder Scatterer enters, exile target noncreature spell. Its controller draws a card.	3/1		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nCorridor Monitor	U	cube	Creature – Sphinx 	70	U	1UU	FlashNEWLINEFlyingNEWLINEWhen Corridor Monitor enters, target player mills two cards for each spell cast this turn.	2/3		normal	ACE		\nSideshow Illusionist	U	cube	Creature – Human Wizard 	102	U	3U	Whenever you cast a spell, you may return another nonland permanent you control to its owner’s hand.	1/4		normal	ACE		\nRuhmi, Great Oppressor	U	cube	Legendary Creature – Sphinx 	98	U	2UU	FlyingNEWLINEWhenever an opponent casts their first noncreature spell each turn, counter than spell unless that player pays 4.	4/4		normal	ACE		\nCurio Antiquary	U	cube	Creature – Sphinx 	73	U	7U	Affinity for artifactsNEWLINEFlyingNEWLINEWhen Curio Antiquary enters, look at the top four cards of your library, then separate them into a face-down pile and a face-up pile. An opponent chooses one. Put the chosen pile into your hand and the rest into your graveyard. 	3/3		normal	ACE		\nFatesower Sphinx	U	cube	Creature – Sphinx 	76	U	3UU	FlyingNEWLINEWhen Fatesower Sphinx enters, scry 2.NEWLINEIslandcycling 1 (1, Discard this card: Search your library for an Island card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.)	4/4		normal	ACE		\nSlushslosher	U	cube	Creature – Giant 	104	U	3UU	FlashNEWLINEWhen Slushslosher enters, exile up to one target instant or sorcery card with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard. Until end of turn, you may cast that card without paying its mana cost.	3/5		normal	ACE		\nArchitect of Wisdom	U	cube	Creature – Sphinx 	60	U	6UU	FlyingNEWLINEWhen Architect of Wisdom enters, gain control of target nonland permanent. It becomes a 3/3 Sphinx creature with flying and loses all other types.	6/6		normal	ACE		\nCrack the Books	U	cube	Sorcery	71	U	1U	Draw two cards, then torment yourself. (You lose 3 life unless you discard a card or sacrifice a permanent.)			normal	ACE		\nRippling Thoughts	U	cube	Instant	97	U	2U	Draw three cards, then discard two cards unless you discard a blue card.			normal	ACE		\nFleeting Realms	U	cube	Instant	77	U	3U	Reveal the top four cards of your library. An opponent chooses one. Exile the chosen card, then put the rest into your hand.			normal	ACE		\nBattle for the Mistwinds	U	cube	Battle – Conquest 	62	U	2UU	(As a Conquest enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When it’s defeated, put it onto the battlefield transformed.)NEWLINEWhen Battle for the Mistwinds enters, look at the top five cards of your library. Put two of them into your hand and the rest into your graveyard.			double faced	ACE	5	Ile Des Sirenes		Land	U		T: Add U.NEWLINE2U, T: Mill two cards, then draw a card. If your library has no cards in it, you win the game instead.				!eggprint\nStrategize	U	cube	Sorcery	106	U	U	Look at the top two cards of your library. Put one of them into your hand and the other on the top of your library or into your graveyard.			normal	ACE		\nCareful Calculation	U	cube	Sorcery	67	U	U	Look at the top three cards of your library, then put them all on top or bottom of your library in any order.NEWLINEDraw a card.			normal	ACE		\nConfront Universal Truths	U	cube	Instant	69	U	2U	Draw two cards, then discard a card. Invoke Sphinx. (Begin or advance the Path of the Sphinx.)			normal	ACE		\nBenthic Prophecy	U	cube	Sorcery	63	U	U	Draw a card, then discard a card.NEWLINEBuild-a-beast 1. (Put a listed counter on your Beast Mutant token. If you don’t control one, create a 0/0 green Beast Mutant token first.)NEWLINE• +1/+1			normal	ACE		!eggprint\nLast Passage	U	cube	Sorcery	87	U	1U	Forebode three times, then untap each Omen you control. Until end of turn, if you would draw a card while your library has no cards in it, you win the game instead. (Create a tapped colorless Omen artifact token with “T, Discard a card, Sacrifice this: Draw a card.”)			normal	ACE		!eggprint\nSeek Insight	U	cube	Instant	99	U	U	Search your library for an instant or sorcery card and exile it with three time counters on it, then shuffle. It gains “At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter from this card” and “When the last time counter is removed from this card, put it into your hand.”			normal	ACE		\nMisread the Runes	U	cube	Instant	89	U	U	When you cast this spell, copy it if it targets an instant, sorcery, or planeswalker spell.NEWLINECounter target spell unless its controller pays 1.			normal	ACE		\nUnravel Connections	U	cube	Instant	110	U	U	Counter target creature spell. Its controller investigates.			normal	ACE		\nTwisted Conjury	U	cube	Instant	109	U	1U	Counter target spell unless its controller pays 1 for each card in their hand.			normal	ACE		\nHydrolyze	U	cube	Instant	83	U	1U	Counter target spell. If that spell is countered this way, its owner puts it on the top or bottom of their library instead of into their graveyard.NEWLINEEach player draws a card.			normal	ACE		!eggprint\nChronotether	U	cube	Instant	68	U	1U	Counter target noninstant spell unless its controller pays 4.			normal	ACE		\nWays of Old	U	cube	Instant	111	U	1UU	Counter target spell. At the beginning of your next main phase, add CCC.			normal	ACE		!eggprint\nRebuff the Unknown	U	cube	Instant	96	U	XU	Delve (Each card you exile from your graveyard while casting this spell pays for 1.)NEWLINECounter target spell with mana value X.			normal	ACE		\nForce of Scrutiny	U	cube	Instant	80	U	1UU	Draft this card face up.NEWLINEAs you draft a card, you may remove that card from the draft and note its type.NEWLINEYou may exile a blue card from your hand rather than pay this spell’s mana cost.NEWLINECounter target spell if it has a type noted for Force of Scrutiny.			normal	ACE		\nTrawl the Surface	U	cube	Instant	107	U	1UUU	Counter up to one target spell. Return up to one target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard to your hand.NEWLINEExile Trawl the Surface.			normal	ACE		!eggprint\nStarstrike	U	cube	Instant	105	U	3UU	Choose two –NEWLINE• Put up to one target nonland permanent into its owner’s library third from the top.NEWLINE• Look at the top four cards of your library. Put one into your hand and the rest on the bottom in any order.NEWLINE• Counter up to one target spell unless its controller pays 5.			normal	ACE		\nShuilong Technique	U	cube	Sorcery	101	U	U	Draw a card. If this is the third spell you’ve cast this turn, create a 2/2 blue Drake creature token with flying. If this is the sixth spell you’ve cast this turn, exile it, then return up to three target instant and/or sorcery cards from your graveyard to your hand and untap up to six lands.			normal	ACE		!eggprint\nLagoon Logistics	U	cube	Instant	86	U	1U	Until end of turn, if a permanent entering the battlefield under your control causes a triggered ability of that permanent to trigger, that ability triggers an additional time.NEWLINEExile target creature you control, then return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control.			normal	ACE		!eggprint\nCall of the Cosmos	U	cube	Instant	65	U	XUU	Create X tapped tokens that are copies of target creature you control. Exile those tokens at the beginning of the next end step.			normal	ACE		!eggprint\nWe Built This City	U	cube	Sorcery	112	U	2UU	Search your library for an artifact card with mana value less than or equal to the total mana value of artifacts you control, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	ACE		\nPore Over the Past	U	cube	Sorcery	91	U	3U	Mill four cards. You may cast instant and sorcery cards from your graveyard this turn. If a card cast this way would be put into your graveyard this turn, exile it instead.NEWLINEExile Pore Over the Past.			normal	ACE		!eggprint\nTurn Back the Clock	U	cube	Sorcery	108	U	2UU	Take an extra turn after this one. Exile Turn Back the Clock.			normal	ACE		\nSkin to Stone	U	cube	Sorcery	103	U	2UU	Gain control of target nonland permanent. Its controller creates a 3/3 colorless Sand Construct artifact creature token.			normal	ACE		!eggprint\nWetland Migration	U	cube	Sorcery	113	U	3UU	Each player shuffles their hand and graveyard into their library, then draws seven cards. When you do, choose one –NEWLINE• Create two Treasure tokens.NEWLINE• Abound noncreature. (You may cast a noncreature spell that costs less than this from your hand without paying its mana cost.)			normal	ACE		!eggprint\nThe Price of Prosperity	U	cube	Sorcery	93	U	4UU	Wayfarer (If you’ve spent WUBRG this turn, discover L’Or.)NEWLINEEach player shuffles their hand and graveyard into their library, then draws seven cards. If you’ve discovered L’Or, create five Treasure tokens.			normal	ACE		!eggprint\nPact of Genius	U	cube	Enchantment	90	U	U	When Pact of Genius enters, invoke Sphinx. (Begin or advance the Path of the Sphinx.)NEWLINE1U, Sacrifice Pact of Genius: Return target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard to your hand. Activate only during your turn and only if you control a Sphinx.			normal	ACE		\nJuyu Offering Pool	U	cube	Enchantment – Gallery 	85	U	1U			(Choose only one work as a sorcery to add its ability.)NEWLINEWhen Juyu Offering Pool enters, reveal the top five cards of your library. You may put a noncreature card from among them into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.NEWLINE1U: Scales of SharaNEWLINEWhenever you cast a noncreature spell, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control.NEWLINE6UU: Eye of ShojiroNEWLINEWhenever you cast a noncreature spell, create an 8/8 blue Kraken creature token.	class	ACE		!eggprint\nBleeding Dunes	U	cube	Enchantment	64	U	2U	3U, Discard Bleeding Dunes: Draw a card. Create a 4/3 blue and red Sand Shark creature token with prowess.NEWLINEAt the beginning of each end step, if you cast a noncreature spell this turn, add a 4/3 blue and red Sand Shark creature token with prowess to your bestiary. (If you would create a creature token, you may instead play one from your bestiary.)			normal	ACE		!eggprint\nFool's Orrery	U	cube	Artifact	78	U	2U	You may look at the top card of your library at any time.NEWLINEConcord – You may play the top card of your library as long as there are four or more card types among permanents you control.			normal	ACE		!eggprintNEWLINE!cut\nIng'Wei, Azure Empress	U	cube	Legendary Planeswalker – Ing’Wei 	84	U	1UU			Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)NEWLINE[+1]: Scry 1. If you’re in a renaissance, draw a card.NEWLINE[-2]: Return target nonland permanent to its owner’s hand if its mana value is 3 or less or if you’re in a renaissance.NEWLINE[-6]: Create two 8/8 blue Kraken creature tokens. If you’re in a renaissance, take an extra turn after this one.	planeswalker	ACE	3	!eggprint\nRami Nyi, the Tsunami	U	cube	Legendary Planeswalker – Rami 	95	U	2UU			Whenever you cast a spell on an opponent’s turn, you may activate one of Rami Nyi’s loyalty abilities. (You still pay its costs.)NEWLINE[+1]: Create a 0/1 blue Fish creature token.NEWLINE[0]: Draw a card, then discard a card unless you sacrifice a permanent.NEWLINE[-3]: The owner of target spell or nonland permanent puts that card on the top or bottom of their library.	planeswalker	ACE	4	!eggprint\nLyris of the Grand Library	U	cube	Legendary Planeswalker – Lyris 	88	U	2UU			If an opponent would draw one or more cards except the first one they draw in each of their draw steps, instead fateseal that number, then they draw that many cards.NEWLINE[+1]: Draw a card. Each player investigates.NEWLINE[-3]: Create Grimm, a legendary colorless Construct artifact creature token with flying and “This creature’s power and toughness are each equal to the number of cards in your hand.”	planeswalker	ACE	4	\nMother of Ruin	B	cube	Creature – Zombie 	153	B	B	T: Another target creature you control gains undying until end of turn. (When it dies, if it had no +1/+1 counters, return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control with a +1/+1 counter.)	1/2		normal	ACE		\nHopeless Heroine	B	cube	Creature – Human Scout 	144	B	B	When Hopeless Heroine enters, forebode. (Create a tapped colorless Omen artifact token with “T, Discard a card, Sacrifice this: Draw a card.”)NEWLINEWhenever you discard one or more cards during your turn, put a +1/+1 counter on Hopeless Heroine.	1/1		normal	ACE		\nDeathstalker	B	cube	Creature – Scorpion 	131	B	B	DeathtouchNEWLINEBB, Sacrifice Deathstalker: Target player dealt damage by Deathstalker this turn discards two cards at random.	1/1		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nTzelin, Cabal Liturgist	B	cube	Legendary Creature – Human Wizard 	167	B	B	Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)NEWLINEWhenever a Demon enters under your control, put a +1/+1 counter on Tzelin.NEWLINE2B, Sacrifice Tzelin: Each opponent loses life equal to Tzelin’s power. If you’re in a renaissance, draw that many cards.	1/2		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nThe Deep Ones	B	cube	Creature – Merfolk Horror 	132	B	B	DeathtouchNEWLINEWhenever The Deep Ones deals combat damage to a player, look at the top three cards of that player’s library. Exile one face down, then put the rest into that player’s graveyard.NEWLINE1BB, Discard your hand: Cast any number of cards exiled with The Deep Ones without paying their mana costs. You lose life equal to the total mana value of cards cast this way.	1/1		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nDark Rite Cleric	B	cube	Creature – Human Cleric 	129	B	B	LifelinkNEWLINE1B, T: If you lost life this turn and you discarded a card or sacrificed a nonland permanent this turn, Dark Rite Cleric becomes a 5/5 Demon and gains flying. (This effect lasts indefinitely.)NEWLINEWhenever Dark Rite Cleric attacks, if it’s a Demon, you may pay 5 life. If you do, draw five cards.	1/1		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nHolm, Street Rat	B	cube	Creature – Human Rogue 	143	B	1B	Fatefall (When this dies, you may activate one of its activated abilities without paying its cost.)NEWLINEHolm can’t block.NEWLINE1B: Create a 1/1 black Rat creature token with “This creature can’t block.”	3/2		normal	ACE		\nPenny Pincher	B	cube	Creature – Human Rogue 	156	B	1B	When Penny Pincher enters, target opponent reveals their hand. You choose a nonland card from it. Exile that card. That player investigates. (They create a colorless Clue artifact token with “2, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.”)	2/1		normal	ACE		\nSmokebraid Ritualist	B	cube	Creature – Human Cleric 	162	B	1B	At the beginning of your upkeep, draw a card, then torment yourself. (You lose 3 life unless you discard a card or sacrifice a permanent.)	2/1		normal	ACE		\nCryptfog Prophet	B	cube	Creature – Elf Warlock 	128	B	1B	Whenever an opponent casts a noncreature spell, that player loses life equal to Cryptfog Prophet’s power.NEWLINEWhenever an opponent draws a card except the first one they draw in each of their draw steps, put a +1/+1 counter on Cryptfog Prophet.	2/1		normal	ACE		\nDauthi Dissector	B	cube	Creature – Dauthi Rogue 	130	B	1B	Shadow (This creature can block or be blocked by only creatures with shadow.)NEWLINELifelinkNEWLINEWhen Dauthi Dissector enters, look at target opponent’s hand. You may exile a nonland card from it until Dauthi Dissector leaves.	1/1		normal	ACE		\nEphel, Lord of Rot	B	cube	Legendary Creature – Human Warlock 	137	B	1B	MenaceNEWLINESacrifice Ephel: Until end of turn, creatures you control gain “When this creature dies, return it to the battlefield tapped under its owner’s control.”	2/1		normal	ACE		\nTomb Rat	B	cube	Creature – Rat 	166	B	1B	Draft Tomb Rat face up.NEWLINEAs you draft a nonland card with mana value 2 or less, you may remove that card from the draft face down. If you do, add a copy of Tomb Rat to your card pool.NEWLINETomb Rat gets +1/+1 for each other creature you control named Tomb Rat and each card named Tomb Rat in your graveyard.	1/1		normal	ACE		!eggprintNEWLINE!fix\nHa'Eng, Profane Scribe	B	cube	Legendary Creature – Human Wizard 	142	B	1B	Discard a card: Ha’Eng gains deathtouch until end of turn.NEWLINEInspired – Whenever Ha’Eng becomes untapped, look at the top card of your library and exile it face down. Then you may pay 3 life to put all cards exiled with Ha’Eng into your hand.	2/3		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nAcolyte of Agony	B	cube	Creature – Skeleton Warlock 	116	B	BB	When Acolyte of Agony enters, invoke Demon. (Begin or advance the Path of the Demon.)	2/2		normal	ACE		\nEternal Cadet	B	cube	Creature – Zombie Warrior 	138	B	2B	Fatefall (When this dies, you may activate one of its activated abilities without paying its cost.)NEWLINE1B: Exile target creature card from a graveyard and create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token with decayed. If that card was put there from anywhere this turn, create two of those tokens instead.	3/3		normal	ACE		\nBlood Moon Brute	B	cube	Creature – Chupacabra 	123	B	1BB	MenaceNEWLINEAt the beginning of your upkeep, torment yourself. (You lose 3 life unless you discard a card or sacrifice a nonland permanent.)	5/3		normal	ACE		\nKai'Zhou, the Purifier	B	cube	Legendary Creature – Human Demon 	147	B	1BB	MenaceNEWLINEWhen Kai’Zhou enters, you may have all legendary nonland permanents phase out until your next turn.NEWLINEWhenever Kai’Zhou deals combat damage to a player, they sacrifice a legendary permanent.	3/4		normal	ACE		\nDusk Lieutenant	B	cube	Creature – Skeleton Pirate 	134	B	1BB	When Dusk Lieutenant enters, forebode. (Create a tapped colorless Omen artifact token with “T, Discard a card, Sacrifice this: Draw a card.”)NEWLINEOnce each turn, when you discard a card during your turn, each opponent discards NEWLINEa card.	4/2		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nBaron of Calamity	B	cube	Creature – Demon Noble 	118	B	2B	MenaceNEWLINEWhenever an opponent loses life, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control.	3/2		normal	ACE		\nRyn, First of the Dark Blood	B	cube	Legendary Creature – Human 	159	B	2B	When Ryn enters, invoke Demon. (Begin or advance the Path of the Demon.)NEWLINET, Sacrifice Ryn: You may cast a Demon card from your hand. If you do, pay life equal to its mana value rather than pay its mana cost.	2/3		normal	ACE		\nBlood Jade Prophet	B	cube	Creature – Human Shaman 	122	B	BBB	When Blood Jade Prophet enters, reveal the top three cards of your library. For each card revealed this way, you may pay 3 life. If you do, put that card into your hand. Otherwise, put it into your graveyard.	3/3		normal	ACE		\nKing Khalfan Amidi	B	cube	Legendary Creature – Human Noble 	148	B	2BB	MenaceNEWLINEWhenever Khalfan attacks, you may sacrifice a non-Noble creature. If you do, defending player sacrifices a creature.	4/3		adventure	ACE		Tyrant's Will	B	Sorcery – Tale 	B	4BB	You control target opponent until the end of that player’s next main phase. (Cast a copy of this once while this is on the battlefield.)				\nSkeletal Sculptor	B	cube	Creature – Mutant Warlock 	160	B	2BB	When Skeletal Sculptor enters, return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield until Skeletal Sculptor leaves. That creature has base power and toughness 4/4.	2/2		normal	ACE		\nEmbodiment of Agony	B	cube	Creature – Demon 	135	B	2BB	At the beginning of each player’s upkeep, torment that player. (They lose 3 life unless they discard a card or sacrifice a nonland permanent.)	5/5		normal	ACE		\nSkullpiercer Cavalry	B	cube	Creature – Human Knight 	161	B	2BB	When Skullpiercer Cavalry enters, you become the warlord. (Draw a card at your end step if you attacked this turn. Whenever you’re dealt combat damage by a creature, its controller becomes the warlord.)NEWLINEWhenever you become the warlord, target opponent reveals their hand, then discards a nonland card.	3/2		normal	ACE		\nMerciless Bushi	B	cube	Creature – Demon Warrior 	151	B	2BB	When Merciless Bushi enters, pay X life. When you do, target creature an opponent controls gets -X/-X until end of turn.	3/3		normal	ACE		\nLizhao, Last Breath of the Yenzu	B	cube	Legendary Creature – Elder Demon 	149	B	3BB	Flying, lifelinkNEWLINEOther Demons you control have flying and lifelink.NEWLINEIf you would create a creature token, you may pay 5 life to create a 5/5 black Demon creature token instead.	5/5		normal	ACE		\nMindrender Demon	B	cube	Creature – Demon 	152	B	3BB	FlyingNEWLINEWhen Mindrender Demon enters , each opponent discards a card.NEWLINESwampcycling 1 (1, Discard this card: Search your library for a Swamp card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.)	4/4		normal	ACE		\nBearer of Last Wishes	B	cube	Creature – Demon 	120	B	5BB	FlyingNEWLINEWhen Bearer of Last Wishes enters, you may discard your hand. If you do, search your library for two cards and put those cards into your hand, then shuffle.	7/7		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nRavaging Tyrant	B	cube	Creature – Giant Warrior 	158	B	5BB	Whenever Ravaging Tyrant enters or attacks, each opponent loses 3 life, discards a card, and sacrifices a creature or planeswalker.	7/9		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nArchdemon Griselbrand	B	cube	Legendary Creature – Demon 	117	B	4BBBB	Flying, lifelinkNEWLINEWhenever Archdemon Griselbrand deals combat damage to a player, if you have fewer than seven cards in hand, draw cards equal to the difference.NEWLINEWhenever you cast a spell, torment each opponent. (They lose 3 life unless they discard a card or sacrifice a nonland permanent.)NEWLINEPay 7 life: Add BBBBBBB.	7/7		normal	ACE		\nWhims of the Swarm	B	cube	Sorcery	169	B	B	Choose odd or even. Target player reveals their hand. You choose a nonland card from it with mana value of the chosen quality. That player discards that card.			normal	ACE		!eggprint\nPerilous Brainwork	B	cube	Sorcery	157	B	B	As an additional cost to cast this spell, torment yourself. (You lose 3 life unless you discard a card or sacrifice a nonland permanent.)NEWLINETarget player reveals their hand. You choose a nonland card from it. That player discards that card.			normal	ACE		\nThe Blood Sun Sets	B	cube	Instant	124	B	B	Until end of turn, target creature you control gains “T: Destroy target creature.”			normal	ACE		!eggprint\nSpear the Core	B	cube	Instant	163	B	B	Destroy target creature with power, toughness, or mana value 2 or less.			normal	ACE		\nStrip Sin from Bone	B	cube	Instant	164	B	BB	Destroy target creature or planeswalker. If its mana value is 3 or greater, torment yourself. (You lose 3 life unless you discard a card or sacrifice a nonland permanent.)			normal	ACE		\nFall	B	cube	Sorcery	139	B	1B	Target opponent sacrifices a creature or planeswalker they control with the highest mana value among those permanents.			aftermath	ACE		\nDishonor the Fallen	B	cube	Instant	133	B	1B	Destroy target creature or planeswalker if it shares a color with a card in its controller’s graveyard.			normal	ACE		\nCrucify	B	cube	Instant	126	B	2B	You may pay B and 4 life rather than pay this spell’s mana cost.NEWLINETarget creature gets -5/-5 until end of turn.			normal	ACE		!eggprint\nCasualty of the Swarm	B	cube	Instant	125	B	1B	Choose odd or even. Target player sacrifices a creature or planeswalker with mana value of the chosen quality.			normal	ACE		\nFester and Fade	B	cube	Instant	140	B	1B	Target creature gets -4/-4 until end of turn. Add a 0/0 black Shade creature token with “This creature gets +1/+1 for each creature card in your graveyard” to your bestiary. (If you would create a creature token, you may instead play one from your bestiary.)			normal	ACE		!eggprint\nAbyssal Corruption	B	cube	Sorcery	115	B	1BB	As an additional cost to cast this spell, pay X life.NEWLINEDestroy each creature with mana value X or less.			normal	ACE		!eggprint\nUnleash Hell	B	cube	Sorcery	168	B	2B	Torment target opponent. (They lose 3 life unless they discard a card or sacrifice a nonland permanent.)NEWLINEStorm (When you cast this spell, copy it for each spell cast before it this turn. You may choose new targets for the copies.)			normal	ACE		\nWhispers of the Dead	B	cube	Instant	170	B	1B	As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature.NEWLINELook at the top three cards of your library. Put two of them into your hand and the other into your graveyard.			normal	ACE		!eggprint\nInfernal Consultation	B	cube	Instant	145	B	1B	Search your library for a card, then shuffle and put that card on top of your library or into your graveyard.			normal	ACE		\nInitiation Ritual	B	cube	Sorcery	146	B	2BB	Search your library for a card, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library.NEWLINEWanderlust – If you control four or more differently named lands, you may cast a card with mana value 4 or less from your hand by paying life equal to its mana value rather than paying its mana cost.			normal	ACE		!eggprint\nBirth of the Yaozu	B	cube	Sorcery	121	B	3BB	Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)NEWLINEReturn target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield. If it was put there from the battlefield this turn, create a token that’s a copy of it. If you’re in a renaissance, create a token that’s a copy of it.			normal	ACE		!eggprint\nTear Loose	B	cube	Sorcery	165	B	2BB	Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield.NEWLINEFabled 1B (Then if you cast this for its fabled cost, put it onto the battlefield transformed attached to that creature.)			transform double faced	ACE		Heartstrings	B	Enchantment – Aura 	B		Enchant creatureNEWLINEWhen Heartstrings leaves the battlefield, exile enchanted creature.NEWLINEWhen enchanted creature attacks or blocks, exile it at end of combat.				!eggprint\nFever Tree	B	cube	Artifact	141	B	B	1, T: Target player loses 1 life. If that player has one or fewer cards in hand, they lose 3 life instead.			adventure	ACE		Spinal Tap	B	Sorcery – Tale 	B	B	Target player reveals their hand. You choose a nonland card from it. That player discards that card. (Cast a copy of this once while this is on the battlefield.)				!eggprint\nPact of Agony	B	cube	Enchantment	155	B	B	When Pact of Agony enters, invoke Demon. (Begin or advance the Path of the Demon.)NEWLINE1B, Sacrifice Pact of Agony: Each opponent loses 3 life and you gain 3 life. Activate only during your turn and only if you control a Demon.			normal	ACE		\nCrypt Mantle	B	cube	Enchantment – Aura 	127	B	2B	Enchant creature you controlNEWLINEB, Sacrifice enchanted creature: Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield.NEWLINE2B: Return Crypt Mantle from your graveyard to the battlefield attached to target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	ACE		!eggprint\nEncroaching Blight	B	cube	Enchantment	136	B	1BB	At the beginning of your end step, choose one that hasn’t been chosen –NEWLINE• Each opponent loses 3 life and you gain 3 life.NEWLINE• Return up to two target creature cards from your graveyard to your hand.NEWLINE• Create a 3/2 black Snake creature token.NEWLINE• Sacrifice Encroaching Blight. You lose 3 life, discard two cards, and sacrifice a creature.			normal	ACE		!eggprint\nBattle for the Dead Strait	B	cube	Battle – Conquest 	119	B	1B	(As a Conquest enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When it’s defeated, put it onto the battlefield transformed.)NEWLINEWhen Battle for the Dead Strait enters, search your library for a card, then shuffle and put that card on top. You lose 2 life.			double faced	ACE	5	Shadow Lagoon		Land	B		T: Add B.NEWLINE1B, T: Exile the top five cards of your library, then search your library for a card, shuffle, and put that card on top.				!eggprint\nNicrosil Mantle	B	cube	Legendary Enchantment – Aura 	154	B	4BB	Machinate 3BBNEWLINEEnchant creature you controlNEWLINEEnchanted creature gets +4/+4, has menace and “Whenever this creature attacks, choose creature or planeswalker. The defending player sacrifices a permanent of the chosen type,” and is a God.NEWLINEWhen enchanted creature dies, return Nicrosil Mantle to the battlefield.			normal	ACE		!curtainNEWLINE!eggprint\nMarguo of the Cosmic Chasm	B	cube	Legendary Planeswalker – Marguo 	150	B	1BB			[+1]: Up to one target creature gains shadow until end of turn. (That creature can block or be blocked by only creatures with shadow.)NEWLINE[0]: You may sacrifice a creature. If you do, each opponent sacrifices a creature. Repeat this process for discarding cards.NEWLINE[-2]: Destroy target planeswalker.NEWLINE[-4]: Target opponent gets an emblem with “Whenever you draw a card, torment yourself.” (They lose 3 life unless they discard a card or sacrifice a nonland permanent.)	planeswalker	ACE	3	\nSuitor of the Sea	R	cube	Creature – Human Pirate 	220	R	R	At the beginning of your upkeep, Suitor of the Sea deals 1 damage to each player.	2/1		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nLi Quan, Flamefang	R	cube	Legendary Creature – Hound 	199	R	R		2/2		normal	ACE		\nPyre Lasher	R	cube	Creature – Human Wizard 	206	R	R	ProwessNEWLINEWhenever Pyre Lasher attacks, you may exile two instant and/or sorcery cards from your graveyard. If you do, Pyre Lasher deals 1 damage to any target.	1/2		normal	ACE		\nBrilliant Innovator	R	cube	Creature – Human Artificer 	177	R	R	R, T, Sacrifice an artifact: Exile target artifact card from your graveyard and create a token that’s a copy of it.	1/1		normal	ACE		\nTumbili, Swift Bandit	R	cube	Legendary Creature – Monkey Warrior 	224	R	R	Super haste (This may attack the turn before you cast it. (You may put this card from your hand onto the battlefield tapped and attacking during your declare attackers step. If you do, you lose the game at the beginning of your next turn’s end step unless you pay this card’s mana cost during that turn.))NEWLINEWhenever Tumbili deals combat damage to a player, that player draws a card, then exiles a card at random from their hand. Until end of turn, you may cast that card, and you may spend mana as though it were mana of any color to cast that spell.	2/1		normal	ACE		\nFervent Lutist	R	cube	Creature – Dragon Bard 	185	R	R	ProwessNEWLINEInstant and sorcery spells you control have trample. (They deal excess damage to their target’s controller.)	1/2		normal	ACE		\nIanthe Legionnaire	R	cube	Creature – Human Knight 	195	R	R	Ianthe Legionnaire gets +2/+1 and has flying as long as you control a Dragon.	1/2		adventure	ACE		Flame On	R	Sorcery – Tale 	R	3RR	Create a 4/4 red Dragon creature token with flying. It gains haste. (Cast a copy of this spell once while this creature is on the battlefield.)				\nHamlet Shrieker	R	cube	Creature – Dragon 	193	R	1R	FlyingNEWLINEWhenever Hamlet Shrieker enters or an opponent plays a nonbasic land, exile the top card of your library. You may play that card until the beginning of your next end step.NEWLINEWhenever you play a card from exile, Hamlet Shrieker deals 1 damage to any non-Dragon target.	1/1		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nFlux Harnesser	R	cube	Artifact Creature – Construct 	189	R	1R	Flux Harnesser gets +3/+0 as long as you’ve cast two or more instant or sorcery spells this turn.NEWLINEWhenever Flux Harnesser attacks, you may discard a card. If you do, draw a card.	1/3		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nBlacksmith Trainee	R	cube	Creature – Ouphe Artificer 	175	R	1R		2/2		adventure	ACE		Honest Mistake	R	Sorcery – Tale 	R	R	Destroy target artifact. (Cast a copy of this spell once while this creature is on the battlefield.)				\nFireguard Mercenaries	R	cube	Creature – Human Knight 	187	R	1R	Fireguard Mercenaries attacks each combat if able.NEWLINEPay 3 life: Fireguard Mercenaries gains first strike until end of turn.	3/2		normal	ACE		\nTwinflame Cleaver	R	cube	Creature – Dragon Warrior 	225	R	1R	HasteNEWLINEWhenever Twinflame Cleaver attacks, if you have one or fewer cards in hand, exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn.NEWLINEWhenever you cast a spell from exile, put a +1/+1 counter on Twinflame Cleaver.	2/2		normal	ACE		\nRakkiri Dissident	R	cube	Creature – Fox Soldier 	207	R	RR	HasteNEWLINEWhenever a player casts a spell, Rakkiri Dissident deals 1 damage to that player.	2/2		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nAcolyte of Scales	R	cube	Creature – Human Warlock 	172	R	RR	When Acolyte of Scales enters, invoke Dragon. (Begin or advance the Path of the Dragon.)	2/2		normal	ACE		\nIncendiary Historian	R	cube	Creature – Human Rebel Wizard 	196	R	1R	ProwessNEWLINEConcord – Once each turn during your turn, if there are four or more card types among permanents you control, you may cast a spell with mana value less than or equal to the number of lands you control from your hand without paying its mana cost.	2/2		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nFresh-Blood Feaster	R	cube	Creature – Wurm 	190	R	2R	Whenever a player draws a card, Fresh-Blood Feaster deals 1 damage to that player.	3/3		normal	ACE		\nSteeple Fiend	R	cube	Creature – Insect 	219	R	2R	MenaceNEWLINEWhenever an opponent gains life, Steeple Fiend deals 2 damage to any target.	3/3		normal	ACE		\nTinker Apprentice	R	cube	Creature – Mutant Artificer 	221	R	2R	Whenever a nontoken artifact enters under your control, you may pay its mana cost. If you do, create a token that’s a copy of that artifact.	3/2		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nElder General Hatsuo	R	cube	Legendary Creature – Human Warrior 	183	R	2R	Whenever Hatsuo attacks, if you control three or more attacking creatures, attacking creatures you control gain first strike until end of turn.NEWLINEInspired – Whenever Hatsuo becomes untapped, create a 1/1 white Warrior creature token. It gains haste and attacks this turn if able.	3/2		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nRelic Trampler	R	cube	Creature – Elephant 	211	R	1RR	When Relic Trampler enters, destroy target nonbasic colorless permanent. Its controller creates a colorless Desert land token with “T: Add C.”	3/3		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nMieng of the Pyre Waltz	R	cube	Legendary Creature – Human Wizard 	201	R	1RR	Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)NEWLINE1R: Mieng gains flying until end of turn.NEWLINEWhenever Mieng attacks, create a 4/4 red Dragon creature token with flying that’s tapped and attacking. Exile that token at end of combat unless you’re in a renaissance.	2/2		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nCovetous Wyvern	R	cube	Creature – Dragon 	181	R	1RR	FlyingNEWLINEWhen Covetous Wyvern enters, create a Treasure token.NEWLINEWhenever Covetous Wyvern attacks, you may sacrifice an artifact. If you do, exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn.	2/2		normal	ACE		\nGeneral Shen Xinya	R	cube	Legendary Creature – Human Warrior 	191	R	1RR	Double strikeNEWLINEAt the beginning of your combat, choose one –NEWLINE•  Arm target creature you control. (Create a colorless Equipment artifact token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 2 attached to that creature.)NEWLINE• You may attach an Equipment you control to target creature you control.	1/2		normal	ACE		\nOrcodontist	R	cube	Creature – Goblin Artificer 	203	R	2R	At the beginning of combat on your turn, build-a-beast 1. (Put a listed counter on your Beast Mutant token. If you don’t control one, create a 0/0 green Beast Mutant token first.)NEWLINE• +1/+1     • Annihilator 1 (Whenever this creature attacks, defending player sacrifices a permanent.)	2/2		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nCalamitous Hellwing	R	cube	Creature – Dragon 	179	R	2RR	FlyingNEWLINECalamitous Hellwing has double strike as long as it’s attacking.NEWLINE2R: An opponent may sacrifice a permanent. If none does, Calamitous Hellwing gets +2/+0 until end of turn. 	1/5		normal	ACE		\nAbiel, the Great Director	R	cube	Legendary Creature – Mutant Artificer 	171	R	2RR	If you would draw a card while you have no cards in hand, you may instead search your library for an artifact card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.NEWLINE2R, Discard a card: Create a 1/1 colorless Puppet artifact creature token. Abiel deals 1 damage to any target.	4/3		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nSabrescale Champion	R	cube	Creature – Lizard Warrior 	214	R	2RR	When Sabrescale Champion enters, you become the warlord. (Draw a card at your end step if you attacked this turn. Whenever you’re dealt combat damage by a creature, its controller becomes the warlord.)NEWLINEWhenever you become the warlord, Sabrescale Champion deals 2 damage to any target.	3/2		normal	ACE		\nBurning Hart	R	cube	Creature – Elk Knight 	178	R	3R	Whenever Burning Hart deals combat damage to a player, it deals that much damage to up to one target planeswalker that player controls.	4/2		adventure	ACE		Forest Fire	R	Sorcery – Adventure 	R	1R	Forest Fire deals 4 damage to target creature or planeswalker. (Then exile this card. You may cast the creature later from exile.)				!eggprint\nCountryside Scorcher	R	cube	Creature – Dragon 	180	R	3RR	Flying, haste	5/5		adventure	ACE		Burninate	R	Sorcery – Tale 	R	1R	Burninate deals 1 damage to target player and each creature they control. (Cast a copy of this spell once while this creature is on the battlefield.)				\nSlagsluice Hellkite	R	cube	Artifact Creature – Dragon Construct 	217	R	2RRR	Flying, hasteNEWLINEIf a source you control would deal damage to a player, it deals X times that damage instead, where X is the number of spells you’ve cast this turn. (If you haven’t cast a spell this turn, your sources deal no damage.)	3/3		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nRapacious Dragon	R	cube	Creature – Dragon 	208	R	3RR	FlyingNEWLINEWhen Rapacious Dragon enters, create a Treasure token.NEWLINEMountaincycling 1 (1, Discard this card: Search your library for a Mountain card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.)	4/4		normal	ACE		\nBadland Ravager	R	cube	Creature – Dragon 	174	R	3RR	Flying, hasteNEWLINEWhenever Badland Ravager attacks or becomes the target of a spell an opponent controls, create a Junk token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”) (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”)	4/4		normal	ACE		\nGriv, Host of the Inferno	R	cube	Legendary Creature – Dragon 	192	R	4RR	FlyingNEWLINEWhenever Griv enters or attacks, discard a card, then draw a card. When you do, Griv deals damage to up to one target creature equal to the discarded card’s mana value.NEWLINEChannel – 1R, Discard Griv: Discard a card, then draw two cards.NEWLINEChannel – 3R, Discard Griv: Griv deals 6 damage to target creature.	4/6		normal	ACE		\nTitan of Cracked Earth	R	cube	Creature – Elemental 	222	R	4RR	At the beginning of combat on your turn, create a 3/1 red Elemental creature token with haste. Sacrifice that token at the beginning of the next end step.NEWLINEWhenever an Elemental you control dies, Titan of Cracked Earth deals 3 damage to any target.	6/6		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nSlipsteel Gash	R	cube	Sorcery	218	R	R	You may cast this spell as though it has flash if you control two or more artifacts.NEWLINESlipsteel Gash deals 3 damage to any target.			normal	ACE		\nExterminate	R	cube	Instant	184	R	R	Replicate 3R (When you cast this spell, copy it for each time you paid its replicate cost. You may choose new targets for the copies.)NEWLINEExterminate deals 2 damage to any target.			normal	ACE		\nBombs Away	R	cube	Instant	176	R	1R	Improvise (Your artifacts can help cast this spell. Each artifact you tap after you’re done activating mana abilities pays for 1.)NEWLINEBombs Away deals 3 damage to any target.			normal	ACE		\nTreacherous Passage	R	cube	Instant	223	R	1R	Choose one –NEWLINE• Treacherous Passage deals 3 damage to target creature or player.NEWLINE• Treacherous Passage deals 6 damage to target planeswalker.			normal	ACE		!eggprint\nFires of Discovery	R	cube	Instant	188	R	1R	Fires of Discovery deals 3 damage to any target.NEWLINEWanderlust – If you control four or more differently named lands, create a tapped Treasure token.			normal	ACE		\nSacred Thunder	R	cube	Instant	215	R	2R	Choose one –NEWLINE• Destroy target artifact.NEWLINE• Sacred Thunder deals 3 damage to any target.			normal	ACE		\nMolten Vortex	R	cube	Sorcery	202	R	1RR	Choose one –NEWLINE• Molten Vortex deals 3 damage to each creature.NEWLINE• Destroy each artifact with mana value 3 or less.			normal	ACE		\nLet the Peasants Burn	R	cube	Instant	198	R	2R	Let the Peasants Burn deals 5 damage divided as you choose between any number of creatures and/or planeswalkers and 3 damage to you.			normal	ACE		\nRealize the Delicate Ideal		cube	Kindred Sorcery – Eldrazi Revelation 	209	R	R	Devoid (This card has no color.)NEWLINEExile the top two cards of your library. You may play one of those cards until the end of your next turn.NEWLINECoalesce 3RR (You may cast this for 3RR from your graveyard. If you do, put it onto the battlefield as an Eldrazi Horror creature. Exile it if it would leave the battlefield or not resolve.)NEWLINEDouble strike	2/2		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nLotus Ritual	R	cube	Sorcery	200	R	2R	Delve (Each card you exile from your graveyard while casting this spell pays for 1.)NEWLINEAdd RRR.			normal	ACE		\nRedcap Rebellion	R	cube	Sorcery	210	R	1R	Forebode twice. (Create a tapped colorless Omen artifact token with “T, Discard a card, Sacrifice this: Draw a card.”)NEWLINEDraw a card.			normal	ACE		\nWheel of Destiny	R	cube	Sorcery	226	R	2R	Roll a d10. Each player may discard their hand, then draw a number of cards equal to the result. If no player does, draw three cards.			normal	ACE		\nRun Rampant	R	cube	Sorcery	213	R	3R	You may put a creature card from your hand onto the battlefield. It has base power and toughness 4/4 and gains haste. Return it to your hand at the beginning of the next end step.			normal	ACE		!eggprint\nFifth District Incursion	R	cube	Instant	186	R	4R	You may put a nonland permanent card from your hand onto the battlefield. If it’s a creature, it gains haste. Exile that permanent at the beginning of the next end step.			normal	ACE		\nAncestral Inspiration	R	cube	Instant	173	R	R	Exile the top three cards of your library. Until your next end step, you may play those cards from exile.			normal	ACE		!eggprint\nPact of Scales	R	cube	Enchantment	204	R	R	When Pact of Scales enters, invoke Dragon. (Begin or advance the Path of the Dragon.)NEWLINE2R, Sacrifice Pact of Scales: Pact of Scales deals 4 damage to target creature or planeswalker. Activate only during your turn and only if you control a Dragon.			normal	ACE		\nRise of Cinders	R	cube	Enchantment	212	R	1R	When Rise of Cinders enters, create a 1/1 red Sand creature token.NEWLINEEach creature you control has Rise of Cinders’s Tale.			adventure	ACE		Ignite	R	Sorcery – Tale 	R	1R	Until end of turn, this permanent becomes an enchantment creature with base power and toughness 4/4. Sacrifice it at end of turn.				!eggprint\nPaint the Town Red	R	cube	Legendary Enchantment – Saga 	205	R	2RR			“It’s time, Sirif. Today your debts will be settled, whether in gold or in blood.”NEWLINECreate a 2/2 red Cat creature token with first strike.NEWLINEPaint the Town Red deals 4 damage to target opponent unless that player has you draw two cards.NEWLINEExile this Saga, then return it to the battlefield transformed under your control.	transform double faced	ACE		Sirif, the Tremulous God	R	Legendary Enchantment Creature – Cat God 	R		First strikeNEWLINEWhenever Sirif attacks, they deal 4 damage to defending player unless that player has you create a 2/2 red and white Cat creature token with first strike that’s tapped and attacking that player.NEWLINEWhen Sirif dies, return this card to its owner’s hand.	4/2			!eggprint\nInto the Breach	R	cube	Enchantment	197	R	4R	Creatures you control have haste.NEWLINEAt the beginning of your precombat main phase, you may put a creature card from your hand onto the battlefield. Sacrifice that creature at the beginning of the next end step.			normal	ACE		!eggprint\nSarkhan, Scalebound	R	cube	Legendary Planeswalker – Sarkhan 	216	R	1RR			When Sarkhan enters, invoke Dragon. (Begin or advance the Path of the Dragon.)NEWLINE[+1]: Discard a card, then draw a card.NEWLINE[+1]: Add R.NEWLINE[-5]: Create a 4/4 red Dragon creature token with flying. Then each Dragon you control deals damage equal to its power to any target.	planeswalker	ACE	2	\nHedgewick Bofflenose	R	cube	Legendary Planeswalker – Hedgewick 	194	R	2RR			[+1]: Create an Omen token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Discard a card, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.”)NEWLINE[0]: Sacrifice an artifact. When you do, Hedgewick deals 3 damage to any target.NEWLINE[-3]: Target player discards their hand, then draws seven cards.NEWLINE[-5]: Create three 0/0 colorless Construct artifact creature tokens with “This creature gets +1/+1 for each artifact you control.” Those tokens NEWLINEgain haste.	planeswalker	ACE	3	\nDragon Queen Embra	R	cube	Legendary Planeswalker – Embra 	182	R	3RR			[+1]: Untap target noncreature permanent. It becomes a 5/5 red Dragon creature with flying until end of turn in addition to its other colors and types.NEWLINE[-3]: Journey three times. (Exile the top three cards of your library face up. Whenever a creature you control deals combat damage to a player, put a journeyed card you own into your hand.)NEWLINE[-7]: Search your library for any number of Dragon creature cards, put them onto the battlefield, NEWLINEthen shuffle.	planeswalker	ACE	5	\nGrove Cohort	G	cube	Creature – Human Druid 	246	G	G	T: Add one mana of any color a Forest you control could produce.	1/1		normal	ACE		\nOaken Mystic	G	cube	Creature – Human Druid 	260	G	G	T: Untap target basic land.	1/1		normal	ACE		\nCrystalline Evergreen	G	cube	Creature – Plant 	238	WUBRG	G	T: Add G.NEWLINET, Pay 1 life: Add W, U, B, or R.	0/1		normal	ACE		\nHinterland Pilgrim	G	cube	Creature – Elf Druid Scout 	249	G	G	T: Add G.NEWLINEWanderlust – T: Add one mana of any color. Activate only if you control four or more differently named lands.	0/1		normal	ACE		\nRing-Tailed Lemur	G	cube	Creature – Lemur 	263	WBG	G	T: Add W or B.	1/1		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nLorilyf Empath	G	cube	Creature – Elf Druid 	257	G	G	T: Add G.	1/1		normal	ACE		\nEvolving Specimen	G	cube	Creature – Hydra 	241	G	G	Whenever you cast a spell with mana value equal to Evolving Specimen’s power plus one, put a +1/+1 counter on Evolving Specimen.NEWLINEEvolving Specimen has hexproof and indestructible as long as its power is 8 or greater.	1/1		normal	ACE		\nGlade Shriver	G	cube	Creature – Elf Druid 	245	G	G	T: Search your library for a land card, reveal it, then shuffle and put that card on top.	1/2		normal	ACE		\nElvish Dreamspinner	G	cube	Creature – Elf Druid 	239	G	G	Elves you control have “T: Add G.”NEWLINE6GG: Create an 8/8 green Elemental creature token.	1/1		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nVeiled Chameleon	G	cube	Creature – Lizard 	274	G	1G	HexproofNEWLINET: Add one mana of any color.	1/1		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nArchdruid Akhim	G	cube	Legendary Creature – Human Druid 	230	G	GG	T: Add G for each creature you control.	1/2		normal	ACE		\nMycoloid Spelunkers	G	cube	Creature – Fungus Scout 	259	G	1G	G: Exile target card from a graveyard. If it’s a creature card, put a +1/+1 counter on Mycoloid Spelunkers. If it’s an instant or sorcery card, you gain 2 life.	2/2		normal	ACE		\nGeckoback Scout	G	cube	Creature – Human Scout 	244	G	1G	Spirited (When this enters, you may activate one of its activated abilities without paying its cost.)NEWLINE1, Sacrifice Geckoback Scout: You may put a land card from your hand or graveyard onto the battlefield tapped.	1/1		normal	ACE		\nVineridden Gate	G	cube	Creature – Wall 	277	G	1G	DefenderNEWLINET: Add one mana of any color.	0/4		normal	ACE		\nAcolyte of Progress	G	cube	Creature – Elf Cleric 	227	G	GG	When Acolyte of Progress enters, invoke Hydra. (Begin or advance the Path of the Hydra.)	2/2		normal	ACE		\nWarfield Excavator	G	cube	Creature – Human Viking 	280	G	1G	VigilanceNEWLINEWhenever Warfield Excavator attacks, you may exile target card from a graveyard.NEWLINEWarfield Excavator gets +1/+1 for each card type among cards exiled with it.	2/3		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nRootspeaker	G	cube	Creature – Dryad 	264	G	2G	You may look at the top card of your library at any time.NEWLINEYou may play the top card of your library if it’s a land card. When you do, put a growth counter on it. It gains “T: Add one mana of any color.”	2/3		normal	ACE		\nKeeper of the Godhold	G	cube	Creature – Hydra 	253	G	2G	Whenever a land enters under your control, create an Idol token. (It’s an artifact with “1, Sacrifice this artifact: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control. Activate only as a sorcery.”)NEWLINEWhenever a +1/+1 is put on Keeper of the Godhold, draw a card. This ability triggers only once each turn.	2/2		normal	ACE		\nLeyline Seeker	G	cube	Creature – Elf Scout 	256	G	1GG	You may play an additional land on each of your turns.NEWLINET: Look at the top card of your library. If it’s a land card, you may reveal it and put it into your hand.	2/4		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nIsara, Botanarcanist	G	cube	Legendary Creature – Human Druid 	250	G	2G	The first land that enters under your control each turn has spirited. (When it enters, you may activate one of its activated abilities without paying its cost.)	3/2		normal	ACE		\nTradeway Terror	G	cube	Creature – Hydra 	271	G	2G	Fatefall (When this dies, you may activate one of its activated abilities without paying its cost.)NEWLINETradeway Terror enters with three +1/+1 counters on it.NEWLINERemove two +1/+1 counters from Tradeway Terror: Destroy target artifactNEWLINEor enchantment.	0/0		normal	ACE		\nWeirdwood Rejuvenator	G	cube	Creature – Gnome Druid 	281	G	1GG	When Weirdwood Rejuvenator enters, return target card from your graveyard to your hand. If it’s a land, you may put it onto the battlefield tapped instead.	1/2		normal	ACE		\nMahi-Mahi	G	cube	Creature – Fish 	258	G	2G	Whenever you cast a spell, put a +1/+1 counter on Mahi-Mahi. Then if there are three +1/+1 counters on Mahi-Mahi, remove them and untap up to three target lands.	2/2		normal	ACE		\nRuctious Hydra	G	cube	Creature – Hydra 	266	G	2GG	Haste, challenge (This creature can’t be blocked by more than one creature.)NEWLINERuctious Hydra enters with four +1/+1 counters on it.NEWLINEWhenever Ructious Hydra survives damage, double the number of +1/+1 counters on it.	0/0		normal	ACE		\nTreeline Ranger	G	cube	Creature – Human Archer Scout 	272	G	3G	ReachNEWLINEAt the beginning of your upkeep, look at the top three cards of your library. You may put a land card from among them onto the battlefield. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.	1/4		normal	ACE		\nUndergrowth Capybara	G	cube	Creature – Capybara 	273	G	3G	You may play an additional land on each of your turns.NEWLINEYou may play land cards from your graveyard.	2/2		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nThe Wakiwaki	G	cube	Legendary Creature – Fish Drake 	279	G	2GG	Vigilance, deathtouchNEWLINEWhenever The Wakiwaki deals combat damage to a player, destroy target nonbasic, noncreature permanent that player controls. They create a tapped Island token.	4/4		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nTerritorial Snapper	G	cube	Creature – Turtle Hydra 	269	G	3G	You may play any number of lands on each of your turns.NEWLINELandfall – Whenever a land enters under your control, put a +1/+1 counter on Territorial Snapper.	1/1		normal	ACE		\nJade Champion	G	cube	Creature – Centaur Knight 	251	G	3GG	TrampleNEWLINEWhen Jade Champion enters, search your library for a land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library.NEWLINEWhenever Jade Champion deals combat damage to a player, untap all lands you control.	5/5		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nTerritorial Hydra	G	cube	Creature – Hydra 	268	G	3GG	Reach, vigilanceNEWLINEWhen Territorial Hydra enters, put two +1/+1 counters on target creature you control.NEWLINEForestcycling 1 (1, Discard this card: Search your library for a Forest card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.)	3/3		normal	ACE		\nChiu, Hand of the Pack	G	cube	Legendary Creature – Human Druid 	237	G	3GG	Wolves you control have hexproof and “Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, draw a card.”NEWLINEAt the beginning of your end step, if you don’t control Shimaru the Unfading, create Shimaru the Unfading, a legendary 4/4 green Wolf Spirit creature token with trample.	2/2		normal	ACE		\nBringer of Good Nature	G	cube	Creature – Treefolk Giant 	236	G	4GG	TrampleNEWLINEWhen Bringer of Good Nature enters, search your library for a Forest card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle. When you do, you may have target noncreature permanent become a copy of that land.	6/6		normal	ACE		\nVexus, the Worldsbane	G	cube	Legendary Creature – Hydra 	275	G	4GG	Vigilance, reachNEWLINEVexus and other Hydras you control have “When this creature enters, you may have it fight target creature an opponent controls.”	6/6		normal	ACE		\nVirulent Scourge	G	cube	Creature – Zombie Hydra 	278	G	4GGG	When Virulent Scourge enters, destroy target noncreature permanent.NEWLINEWhenever a noncreature permanent an opponent controls dies, if it’s a land, you gain 3 life. Otherwise, create a 0/0 green Hydra creature token with a number of +1/+1 counters on it equal to that permanent’s mana value.	7/7		normal	ACE		\nAlphasaurus Rex	G	cube	Creature – Dinosaur 	228	G	5GG	Vigilance, trample, hasteNEWLINEAt the beginning of combat on your turn, upgrade each other creature you control. (Give each one of the listed counters it doesn’t already have.)NEWLINE • Vigilance  • Trample  • +1/+1	7/7		normal	ACE		\nThriving Hydra	G	cube	Creature – Hydra 	270	G	4GGGG	Trample, hasteNEWLINEThriving Hydra enters with four +1/+1 counters on it.NEWLINEWhen Thriving Hydra enters, for each other creature you control, put X +1/+1 counters on that creature, where X is four minus its power.NEWLINEWhenever Thriving Hydra attacks, double the number of +1/+1 counters on each creature you control.	0/0		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nBrinemaw	G	cube	Legendary Creature – Hydra 	235	G	6GGG	Whenever Brinemaw enters or attacks, discover 9. (Exile cards from the top of your library until you exile a nonland card with mana value 9 or less. Cast it without paying its mana cost or put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom in a random order.)	9/9		normal	ACE		\nRootstirring	G	cube	Sorcery	265	G	G	Search your library for two land cards, put them onto the battlefield, then shuffle. Sacrifice two lands at the beginning of your next end step.			normal	ACE		\nPride of the Sands	G	cube	Sorcery	262	G	1G	Take an extra turn after this one. Skip the combat phase of that turn.			normal	ACE		\nSomething Stirs Within	G	cube	Kindred Sorcery – Kraken Revelation 	267	G	XGG	Fathom GGG (If you cast this by sacrificing a creature or Vehicle and paying the fathom cost reduced by that permanent’s mana value, put this onto the battlefield as a creature after it resolves or loses targets.)NEWLINESearch your library for a green creature card with mana value X or less, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle. If this spell was cast for its fathom cost, X is 1 plus the sacrificed permanent’s mana value.	3/3		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nBellow of Behemoths	G	cube	Sorcery	233	G	XGG	Search your library for up to two creature cards with total mana value X or less and put them onto the battlefield, then shuffle. Put a trample counter on either of them. Then put a vigilance counter on either of them.			normal	ACE		\nBreach the Palisade	G	cube	Sorcery	234	G	1G	Destroy target artifact or enchantment. Create a 0/0 green Hydra creature token, then put a +1/+1 counter on it for each permanent destroyed this way.NEWLINEOverload 4GG (You may cast this spell for its overload cost. If you do, change “target” in its text to “each.”)			normal	ACE		\nGrow Over	G	cube	Instant	247	G	G	Destroy target artifact or enchantment. Its controller may scry 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card on the bottom of your library.)			normal	ACE		\nHatch	G	cube	Sorcery	248	G	2G	You may exile a creature card from your hand. If you do, create a token that’s a copy of the exiled creature, except it has base power and toughness 1/1.			normal	ACE		\nEpic Ancestry	G	cube	Sorcery	240	G	2GG	Search your library for a green creature card with mana value less than or equal to the total mana value of creatures you control, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	ACE		\nForest Fellowship	G	cube	Sorcery	243	G	2GG	Put a permanent card from your hand onto the battlefield. Then, each opponent may put a permanent from their hand onto the battlefield. If one does, repeat this process.			normal	ACE		!eggprint\nExpansion's Embrace	G	cube	Sorcery	242	G	2G	Search your library for a Forest card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.NEWLINEInvoke Hydra. (Begin or advance the Path of the Hydra.)			normal	ACE		\nWildlife Sketches	G	cube	Enchantment – Gallery 	282	G	G			(Choose only one work as a sorcery to add its ability.)NEWLINEWhen Wildlife Sketches enters, reveal the top five cards of your library. Put a creature card from among them into your hand and the rest on the bottom in any order.NEWLINE1G: Carnation PetalsNEWLINEYou may cast creature spells as though they had flash.NEWLINE3G: Pecking OrderNEWLINEAt the beginning of your upkeep, you may sacrifice a creature. If you do, search your library for a creature card with mana value 1 greater than the sacrificed creature’s and put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.	class	ACE		!eggprint\nArboreal Library	G	cube	Enchantment – Study 	229	G	1G	Archive 1 (As this enters, shuffle the top card of your main library into a new face up library. Sacrifice this after the archived library is empty.)NEWLINEAt the beginning of your upkeep, look at the top three cards of your main library. Put one of them back on top and the others on the bottom of the archived library in any order. Then if the top card of the archived library is a land card, put it into your hand.			normal	ACE		!eggprint\nVigor of the Vale	G	cube	Enchantment	276	G	G	You may play two additional lands on each of your turns. Those lands enter the battlefield tapped.NEWLINEWanderlust – Whenever a permanent enters tapped and under your control, if you control four or more differently named lands, untap it.			normal	ACE		\nPact of Progress	G	cube	Enchantment	261	G	G	When Pact of Progress enters, invoke Hydra. (Begin or advance the Path of the Hydra.)NEWLINE2G, Sacrifice Pact of Progress: Put two +1/+1 counters on target creature you control. It must be blocked this turn if able. Activate only during your turn and only if you control a Hydra.			normal	ACE		\nLate Harvest	G	cube	Enchantment – Aura 	255	G	G	Enchant basic landNEWLINEEnchanted land has “T: Add CC.”			normal	ACE		\nBattle for Alas-Wana	G	cube	Battle – Conquest 	231	G	1GG	(As a Conquest enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When it’s defeated, put it onto the battlefield transformed.)NEWLINEWhenever a player taps a land for mana, that playerNEWLINEadds one mana of any type that land produced.			double faced	ACE	5	Atine Grojogan		Land	G		T: Add G for each land you control.NEWLINE20, Sacrifice Atine Grojogan: Create Alas-Wali, a legendary 20/20 green Avatar creature token with trample and indestructible.				!eggprint\nKism, Daughter of Fates	G	cube	Legendary Planeswalker – Kism 	254	G	3GG			[+2]: Reveal cards from the top of your library until you reveal a permanent card. If it’s a land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped. Otherwise, put it into your hand. Put the rest of the cards on the bottom of your library in a random order.NEWLINE[-3]: Copy the next permanent spell you cast this turn. (The copy becomes a token.)NEWLINE[-9]: You get an emblem with “Whenever you cast a permanent spell, draw a card” and “The first permanent spell you cast each turn costs 0.”	planeswalker	ACE	4	!eggprint\nBeastmaster Myrmidon	G	cube	Legendary Planeswalker – Myrmidon 	232	G	4GG			Whenever a creature enters under your control, create a green Aura enchantment token named Seal of Myrmidon attached to that creature. The token has enchant creature and “Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 and has hexproof.”NEWLINE[+1]: Create a 3/2 green Seal creature token.NEWLINE[-2]: Look at the top five cards of your library. You may put a creature card from among them onto the battlefield. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.	planeswalker	ACE	5	!eggprint\nJake and the Gang	G	cube	Legendary Planeswalker – Jake 	252	G	2GG			[+1]: Look at the top three cards of your library. You may reveal a land card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom in any order.NEWLINE[-2]: The next time you activate a nonmana ability of a land this turn, copy it. You may choose new targets for the copy.NEWLINE[-4]: Untap up to four target lands.	planeswalker	ACE	5	\nPainting Dolls	WU	cube	Instant	309	WU	1WU	Put a porcelain counter on each of up to one target creature and up to one target artifact. They become 3/3 colorless artifact creatures and lose all abilities.			normal	ACE		!eggprint\nRiftwind Navigator	WU	cube	Creature – Spirit Pirate 	313	WU	2WU	FlashNEWLINEWhen Riftwind Navigator enters, exile target spell or nonland permanent an opponent controls with mana value 4 or less.NEWLINEWhen Riftwind Navigator leaves, the exiled card’s owner creates a 4/4 colorless Vehicle artifact token with crew 1.	3/2		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nTurbulent Gale	WU	cube	Sorcery	321	WU	4WU	Exile up to one target nonland permanent you control and up to one target nonland permanent you don’t control, then return each card exiled this way to the battlefield under your control.			normal	ACE		!eggprint\nHemley, Tender Prodigy	WU	cube	Legendary Planeswalker – Hemley 	298	WU	1WU			[+1]: Create a 0/1 white Egg creature token.NEWLINE[0]: Another target creature or planeswalker loses all abilities and becomes a blue Bird creature with base power and toughness 2/2 and slipstream. (It can’t be blocked as long as only creatures with slipstream are attacking.)NEWLINE[-5]: Exile up to three target creatures, then return those cards to the battlefield under your control.	planeswalker	ACE	3	\nKiyoko, the Twilight Blade	UB	cube	Legendary Planeswalker – Kiyoko 	303	UB	2UB	Deception 3UB (3UB, Return an unblocked attacker you control to hand: Put this card onto the battlefield from your hand tapped and attacking.)NEWLINEWhenever Kiyoko, the Twilight Blade deals combat damage to a player, they mill three cards, then you may exile a card from that player’s graveyard. If you do, cast a copy of that card without paying its mana cost. (A copy of a permanent spell becomes a token.)		Deception 2UBNEWLINEAs long as it’s your turn, Kiyoko is a 4/4 Ninja creature with indestructible. Whenever she deals combat damage to a player, you may activate her loyalty abilities twice this turn rather than once.NEWLINE[+2]: Target player mills three cards.NEWLINE[-4]: Exile target card from an opponent’s graveyard, then you may cast a copy of that card without paying its mana cost.	planeswalker	ACE	3	\nYusi, the Sable Crow	UB	cube	Legendary Planeswalker – Yusi 	327	UB	4UB			[+1]: Draw two cards, then sacrifice a permanent.NEWLINE[-2]: Create a token that’s a copy of Yusi’s back face.NEWLINE[-3]: Target opponent reveals their hand. Choose a nonland card in that player’s hand or graveyard, then exile it. You may cast it without paying its mana cost.	transform double faced	ACE	6	Screeching Umbra	UB	Planeswalker – Yusi 	UB				NEWLINE[-3]: 	4	\nNightmare Feaster	UB	cube	Creature – Human Wizard 	308	UB	1UB	FlashNEWLINEIf a spell or ability an opponent controls would cause that player to draw a card, they exile the top card of their library instead. Until end of turn, they may play that card. If they don’t, you may play that card for as long as it remains exiled, and you may spend mana as though it were mana of any type to cast it.	2/3		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nAriessa, Kiss of the Brine	UB	cube	Legendary Creature – Merfolk Warlock 	284	UB	2UB	When Ariessa enters, add two 8/8 blue Kraken creature tokens to your bestiary. (If you would create a creature token, you may instead play one from your bestiary.)	3/5	First mate–Your starting deck contains at least eight cards that create tokens. (If this card outside the game is your chosen first mate, you may swap it with a card in your opening hand.)NEWLINEWhen Ariessa enters, add two 8/8 blue Kraken creature tokens to your bestiary. (If you would create a creature token, you may instead play one from your bestiary.)	normal	ACE		\nMaterial Gain	BR	cube	Sorcery	304	BR	1BR	Create a 1/1 colorless Puppet artifact creature token, then choose two –NEWLINE•  Each player sacrifices an artifact.NEWLINE•  Each player sacrifices a creature.NEWLINE•  Each player sacrifices a planeswalker.			normal	ACE		!eggprint\nStunt Devil	BR	cube	Creature – Devil 	328	BR	B/R	B/R: Stunt Devil becomes a Devil Actor with base power and toughness 2/2.NEWLINEB/RB/R: If Stunt Devil is an Actor, put a menace counter on it and it becomes a Devil Actor Assassin with base power and toughness 3/3.NEWLINEB/RB/RB/RB/R: If Stunt Devil is an Assassin, put a +1/+1 counter on it, then it deals 2 damage to any target.	1/1		normal	ACE		\nSeasoned Sandshaper	BR	cube	Creature – Human Mercenary 	315	BR	2BR	When Seasoned Sandshaper enters, discard your hand, then draw two cards. For each card type among cards discarded this way, create a 1/1 red Sand creature token.NEWLINEBR, Sacrifice another creature: Seasoned Sandshaper deals 2 damage to any target.	2/2		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nSwiftblade Ren	BR	cube	Legendary Creature – Human Warrior 	319	BR	1BR	First strikeNEWLINEWhenever Ren deals combat damage to a player, you may pay 3 life to activate one of her abilities without paying its costs.NEWLINE1R, Discard a card: Draw a card.NEWLINE2B, Sacrifice a creature: Each opponent sacrifices a creature.	3/2		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nBourasan Enforcer	RG	cube	Enchantment Creature – Rhino Warrior 	287	RG	3RG	You may play an additional land on each of your turns.NEWLINELandfall – Whenever a land enters under your control, Bourasan Enforcer deals 1 damage to any target. If this is the third time this ability has resolved this turn, exile the top three cards of your library. You may play them until the end of your next turn.	5/5		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nCurrent Pacer	RG	cube	Creature – Merfolk Scout 	288	RG	1RG	Wayfarer (If you’ve spent WUBRG this turn, discover L’Or.)NEWLINEWhen Current Pacer enters, draw a card. You may play an additional land this turn.NEWLINE4RG: Shuffle, then exile the top two cards of your library. You may play them this turn. If you’ve discovered L’Or, you may play them this turn without paying their mana costs.	3/2		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nRaze the Wealds	RG	cube	Sorcery	312	RG	3RG	Until end of turn, lands you control gain “Sacrifice this land: It deals 1 damage to any target. Search your library for a land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library.”			normal	ACE		!eggprint\nHotfoot Stampede	RG	cube	Sorcery	299	RG	RG	Build-a-beast 3. (Put three listed counters on your Beast Mutant token. They can be the same. If you don’t control one, create a 0/0 green Beast Mutant token first.)NEWLINE• +1/+1     • Haste			normal	ACE		!eggprint\nSeek Heaven's Guidance	WG	cube	Kindred Sorcery – Angel Revelation 	316	WG	2GW	Reveal the top five cards of your library. Put up to two creature cards with total mana value 5 or less from among them onto the battlefield and the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.NEWLINECoalesce 5GW (You may cast this for 5GW from your graveyard. If you do, put it onto the battlefield as an Angel Horror creature. Exile it if it would leave the battlefield or not resolve.)NEWLINEFlying, lifelink	4/4		normal	ACE		\nDao Lu Travelers	WG	cube	Creature – Cat Dog Scout 	289	WG	GW	Abilities you activate that aren’t mana abilities cost 1 less to activate. This effect can’t reduce the mana in that cost to less than one mana.NEWLINE1, T: Untap another target creature you control.	2/2		normal	ACE		\nQuartermaster Gillo	WG	cube	Legendary Creature – Monkey Pirate 	311	WG	1GW	SpiritedNEWLINE3, T: Reveal the top three cards of your library. You may put a creature card with mana value 2 from among them onto the battlefield. It can’t block this turn. Put the rest on the bottom in any order.	1/1	First mate–Your starting deck contains at least ten creatures cards with mana value 2 and different names. (If this card outside the game is your chosen first mate, you may swap it with a card in your opening hand.)NEWLINESpiritedNEWLINE3, T: Reveal the top three cards of your library. You may put a creature card with mana value 2 from among them onto the battlefield. It can’t block this turn. Put the rest on the bottom in any order.	normal	ACE		\nAutumn, Wildwood Queen	WG	cube	Legendary Planeswalker – Autumn 	286	WG	2GW			[+1]: Look at the top three cards of your library. You may reveal a permanent card with mana value 3 or less from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom in a random order.NEWLINE[-2]: Exile target nonland permanent if its mana value is less than or equal to the total mana value of other permanents you control.NEWLINE[-5]: You get an emblem with “Creatures you control get +3/+3 and have trample and vigilance.”	planeswalker	ACE	3	\nJorah, Sinful Haruspex	WB	cube	Legendary Planeswalker – Jorah 	302	WB	1WB			[+1]: Create a 1/1 white Cleric creature token. You lose 1 life.NEWLINE[0]: You get an emblem with “As long as you control an Angel creature or a Jorah planeswalker, you can’t lose the game andNEWLINEyour opponents can’t win the game.”NEWLINE[-1]: Until your next turn, target nonland permanent loses all abilities and can’t attack or block.	planeswalker	ACE	3	\nJorah, Eternal and Insatiable	WB	cube	Legendary Planeswalker – Jorah 	300	WB	2WB			[+1]: Until your next turn, up to one target creature you control gains lifelink, deathtouch, and vigilance.NEWLINE[0]: Reveal the top two cards of your library. An opponent chooses one and loses life equal to its mana value. Put that card into your graveyard and the other into your hand.NEWLINE[-2]: The next time you would create one or more creature tokens this turn, instead create that many 3/3 white and black Angel creature tokens with flying.	planeswalker	ACE	4	!eggprint\nJorah, Grand Heathen	WB	cube	Legendary Planeswalker – Jorah 	301	WB	3WB			[+1]: Until your next turn, whenever target opponent casts a spell, that player loses 2 life and you gain 2 life.NEWLINE[0]: Create a 3/3 white and black Angel creature token with flying. You lose 3 life.NEWLINE[-2]: Exile target nonland permanent until Jorah leaves and you control no Angels.       	planeswalker	ACE	4	\nWeight of Remorse	WB	cube	Enchantment – Aura 	325	WB	2WB	Machinate 2WB (You may cast this spell with no targets for its machinate cost. If you do, create a 1/1 Puppet, then attach this to it.)NEWLINEEnchant creature you controlNEWLINEWhen Weight of Remorse enters, destroy all creatures other than enchanted creature.NEWLINEEnchanted creature has “You can’t win the game and your opponents can’t lose the game.”			normal	ACE		!curtainNEWLINE!eggprint\nFeeding Frenzy	BG	cube	Sorcery	291	BG	1BG	Choose a mana value. Destroy all nonland permanents with the chosen mana value.			normal	ACE		\nMuck Trawling	BG	cube	Sorcery	307	BG	XBG	Target opponent discards X cards. Return up to one target card with mana value X or less from your graveyard to your hand. Exile Muck Trawling.			normal	ACE		!eggprint\nHarrowing Revivalist	BG	cube	Creature – Human Cleric 	296	BG	3BG	When Harrowing Revivalist enters, create four 1/1 black Horror creature tokens.NEWLINEAt the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice a creature.NEWLINEHorrors you control get +1/+1.	1/1		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nPustulent Hydra	BG	cube	Creature – Demon Hydra 	310	BG	XXBG	Pustulent Hydra enters with X plus one +1/+1 counters on it.NEWLINERemove a +1/+1 counter from Pustulent Hydra: Target opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.NEWLINE1, Sacrifice another creature: Put a +1/+1 counter on Pustulent Hydra.	0/0		normal	ACE		\nWeave into the Fabric		cube	Sorcery	324	UG	1GU	Devoid (This card has no color.)NEWLINEGain control of target permanent with mana value 3 or less. Its controller may search their library for a basic land card, put that card onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle their library.			normal	ACE		!eggprint\nGui, the Brinebearer	UG	cube	Legendary Creature – Turtle Beast 	294	UG	1GU	Golden ageNEWLINEGui can’t attack or block unless you’re in a renaissance.NEWLINET: Reveal the top card of your library. If it’s a land card, put it onto the battlefield. Otherwise, put it back on top or into your graveyard and you gain 3 life.	5/6		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nTwist and Turn	UG	cube	Sorcery	322	UG	1GU	Choose one –NEWLINE• Untap all lands you control.NEWLINE• Tap all untapped lands target opponent controls. That player loses all unspent mana.NEWLINEEntwine 2 (Choose both if you pay the entwine cost.)			normal	ACE		\nMorass Vanquisher	UG	cube	Enchantment Creature – Crocodile Warrior 	306	UG	4GU	Whenever you cast a spell, choose one –NEWLINE• Put a shield counter on target permanent without a shield counter on it.NEWLINE• Draw a card.NEWLINE• Create a 2/2 white Bird creature token with flying.	6/6		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nGiradrus, the Ashen Inferno	UR	cube	Legendary Creature – Dragon 	292	UR	5UR	Flying, hasteNEWLINEWhenever Giradrus attacks, draw a card, then you may put a creature card from your hand onto the battlefield tapped and attacking. Exile that creature at end of combat unless it’s a Dragon.	6/6		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nThe Grand Restabilizer	UR	cube	Legendary Artifact	293	UR	3UR	At the beginning of your end step, you get E for each tapped artifact you control.NEWLINET, Discard a card: Look at the top three cards of your library. Put one of them into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.NEWLINET, Pay EEEEEEEE: You may cast a spell from your hand without paying its mana cost. When you do, copy it, except the copy isn’t legendary. You may choose new targets for the copy.			normal	ACE		!eggprint\nMegalodon	UR	cube	Legendary Creature – Elder Shark 	305	UR	15UR	Onslaught, delve (This spell costs 1 less to cast for each life your opponents have lost this turn. Each card you exile from your graveyard while casting this spell pays for 1.)NEWLINEHaste, slipstream (This can’t be blocked as long as only creatures with slipstream are attacking.)NEWLINEYou may cast instant and/or sorcery cards exiled with Megalodon.	4/4		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nDross Incubator		cube	Creature – Eldrazi Drone 	290	UR	2UR	Devoid (This card has no color.)NEWLINEWhenever you cast an instant, sorcery, or colorless spell, create a 0/1 colorless Eldrazi Spawn creature token with “Sacrifice this creature: Add C.” Then if it’s the third spell you’ve cast this turn, creatures you control get +2/+1 and gain haste until end of turn.	3/3		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nHarriet of the Sun Fleet	WR	cube	Legendary Creature – Human Pirate 	295	WR	2RW	At the beginning of combat on your turn, you may put an artifact card with mana value 5 or less from your hand onto the battlefield. If it’s a Vehicle, it gains haste. At the beginning of the next end step, put that card on the bottom of your library. If you do, draw a card.	3/4	First mate–Your starting deck contains an artifact card with each mana value among 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5. (If this card outside the game is your chosen first mate, you may swap it with a card in your opening hand.)NEWLINEAt the beginning of combat on your turn, you may put an artifact card with mana value 5 or less from your hand onto the battlefield. If it’s a Vehicle, it gains haste. At the beginning of the next end step, put that card on the bottom of your library. If you do, draw a card.	normal	ACE		\nSeto San, Divine Heroine	WR	cube	Legendary Planeswalker – Seto 	317	WR	4RW			[+1]: Create three 1/1 white Warrior creature tokens. They gain haste.NEWLINE[0]: Until end of turn, each creature and planeswalker you control becomes a 3/3 Warrior creature and gains indestructible.NEWLINE[-2]: Choose tapped or untapped. Seto San deals 3 damage to each creature with the chosen attribute.	planeswalker	ACE	4	\nWhirlwind Cavalry	WR	cube	Creature – Human Knight 	329	WR	1RR/WW	Haste, agile (This creature deals combat damage first while it’s attacking.)NEWLINEWhen Whirlwind Cavalry enters, untap target creature you control. After this phase, there is an additional combat phase, followed by an additional main phase.	4/1		normal	ACE		\nWarp-Space Wanderer	WR	cube	Creature – Human Pilot 	323	WR	3RW	When Warp-Space Wanderer enters, create a 3/3 colorless Vehicle artifact token with flying and crew 1.NEWLINEWhenever a Vehicle crewed by Warp-Space Wanderer this turn deals combat damage to a player, transmogrify Warp-Space Wanderer. (Exile it, then conjure a random card with the same type and cost to the battlefield.)	3/2		normal	ACE		https://scryfall.com/random?q=mana%213RW+t%3AcreatureNEWLINE!eggprint\nSkyline Leveler	WUR	cube	Artifact – Vehicle 	318	WUR	9URW	Vigilance, menace, lifelinkNEWLINEWhen Skyline Leveler dies, create a 3/3 blue Pilot creature token with vigilance, a 3/3 red Pilot creature token with menace, a 3/3 white Pilot creature token with lifelink, and a 3/3 colorless Construct artifact creature token.NEWLINECrew 3	12/12		normal	ACE		\nSylvan Hostilities	WBG	cube	Sorcery	320	WBG	2WBG	Destroy up to three target permanents of different card types.			normal	ACE		\nArietta, Forsworn	WBR	cube	Legendary Planeswalker – Arietta 	285	WBR	2RWB			At the beginning of each end step, if Arietta has exactly one loyalty counter on her, exile her, then return her to the battlefield transformed.NEWLINE[+1]: Gain control of up to one target creature until end of turn. Untap it. It gains haste and lifelink until end of turn.NEWLINE[-3]: Create a 5/5 black Horror creature token and a colorless Equipment artifact token named Mortal Shackles with “Equipped creature gets -3/-3” and equip 2 attached to it.NEWLINE[-8]: Destroy all other permanents.	transform double faced	ACE	5	She Who the Blood Forsook	WBR	Legendary Planeswalker	WBR				NEWLINE	3	\nYonderspeaker	UBG	cube	Creature – Sphinx 	326	UBG	BGU	FlyingNEWLINEWhenever Yonderspeaker attacks, choose a nonland card name, then mill three cards. You may put a card with the chosen name from among the cards milled this way into your hand.	3/3		normal	ACE		\nAether Implosion	URG	cube	Sorcery	283	WUBRG	GUR	Add WWUUBBRRGG. Aether Implosion deals 10 damage to you.			normal	ACE		\nHeliconfluence	WUBRG	cube	Sorcery	297	WUBRG	WUBRG	Heliconfluence deals 5 damage to target creature, planeswalker, or opponent. When a permanent dealt damage by Heliconfluence this turn dies, create a 5/5 Elemental creature token with flying, first strike, vigilance, trample, and lifelink that’s all colors.NEWLINEOverload WWUUBBRRGG (You may cast this spell for its overload cost. If you do, change “target” in its text to “each.”)			normal	ACE		\nSculptor of Wonders	WUBRG	cube	Creature – Giant Artificer 	314	WUBRG	2WUBRG	Vigilance, trample, reachNEWLINEWhen Sculptor of Wonders enters, reveal the top seven cards of your library. For each color, you may choose a card of that color from among them. Put the chosen cards into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.	7/7		normal	ACE		\nRadiant Pearl		cube	Artifact	363	W	0	Radiant Pearl enters tapped.NEWLINET: Add W.			normal	ACE		\nRadiant Sapphire		cube	Artifact	365	U	0	Radiant Sapphire enters tapped.NEWLINET: Add U.			normal	ACE		\nRadiant Jet		cube	Artifact	362	B	0	Radiant Jet enters tapped.NEWLINET: Add B.			normal	ACE		\nRadiant Ruby		cube	Artifact	364	R	0	Radiant Ruby enters tapped.NEWLINET: Add R.			normal	ACE		\nRadiant Emerald		cube	Artifact	361	G	0	Radiant Emerald enters tapped.NEWLINET: Add G.			normal	ACE		\nEmpyrean Castle		cube	Artifact	343	WU	3	This spell costs 1 less to cast if you control a Plains or an Island.NEWLINET: Add W or U.			normal	ACE		\nInundated Castle		cube	Artifact	350	UB	3	This spell costs 1 less to cast if you control an Island or a Swamp.NEWLINET: Add U or B.			normal	ACE		\nAccursed Castle		cube	Artifact	330	BR	3	This spell costs 1 less to cast if you control a Swamp or a Mountain.NEWLINET: Add B or R.			normal	ACE		\nLavish Castle		cube	Artifact	352	RG	3	This spell costs 1 less to cast if you control a Mountain or a Forest.NEWLINET: Add R or G.			normal	ACE		\nThronged Castle		cube	Artifact	379	WG	3	This spell costs 1 less to cast if you control a Forest or a Plains.NEWLINET: Add G or W.			normal	ACE		\nSacrosanct Castle		cube	Artifact	369	WB	3	This spell costs 1 less to cast if you control a Plains or a Swamp.NEWLINET: Add W or B.			normal	ACE		\nMephitic Castle		cube	Artifact	355	BG	3	This spell costs 1 less to cast if you control a Swamp or a Forest.NEWLINET: Add B or G.			normal	ACE		\nRiverine Castle		cube	Artifact	367	UG	3	This spell costs 1 less to cast if you control a Forest or an Island.NEWLINET: Add G or U.			normal	ACE		\nSummit Castle		cube	Artifact	376	UR	3	This spell costs 1 less to cast if you control an Island or a Mountain.NEWLINET: Add U or R.			normal	ACE		\nCloistered Castle		cube	Artifact	337	WR	3	This spell costs 1 less to cast if you control a Mountain or a Plains.NEWLINET: Add R or W.			normal	ACE		\nMox Moonstone		cube	Artifact	359	C	0	T: Add C.			normal	ACE		\nRinging Beacon		cube	Artifact	366	C	2	T: Add CC. Ringing Beacon doesn’t untap during your next untap step.			normal	ACE		\nBlood Lord's Altar		cube	Artifact	334	C	4	T: Each player who controls three or more permanents sacrifices a permanent.			normal	ACE		\nFrostwatch Workshop		cube	Artifact	345	C	5	Spirited (When this enters, you may activate one of its activated abilities without paying its cost.)NEWLINE2, T, Sacrifice another artifact: Create a 0/0 colorless Construct artifact creature token with “This creature gets +1/+1 for each artifact you control.”			normal	ACE		\nMonument to the Fallen Man		cube	Artifact	356	C	2	T: You may put a creature card with mana value 2 from your hand onto the battlefield.			normal	ACE		!eggprint\nVolatile Stonework		cube	Artifact Creature – Construct 	382	C	1	HasteNEWLINEWhen Volatile Stonework enters, choose target creature or planeswalker an opponent controls.NEWLINEWhen Volatile Stonework dies, it deals 4 damage to the chosen creature or planeswalker.	1/1		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nBrig of the Damned		cube	Artifact – Vehicle 	335	C	4	DeathtouchNEWLINEWhen Brig of the Damned enters, return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand. If that card’s mana value is 2, you may return it to the battlefield instead.NEWLINECrew 2	4/4		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nGhastly Ferry		cube	Artifact – Vehicle 	346	C	3	When Ghastly Ferry enters, create a 1/1 white Spirit creature token with flying.NEWLINEGhastly Ferry can’t be blocked except by Spirits.NEWLINECrew 1	4/4		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nLifecraft Key		cube	Artifact	353	C	1	1, T: Untap target artifact or land.			normal	ACE		\nGodhold Prism		cube	Artifact	347	WUBRG	2	Godhold Prism enters tapped and doesn’t untap during your untap step.NEWLINET: Add WUBRG.NEWLINE5: Untap Godhold Prism.			normal	ACE		\nSol Lotus		cube	Artifact	373	C	0	T, Sacrifice Sol Lotus: Add CC.			normal	ACE		\nAstral Mox		cube	Artifact	332	C	0	As Astral Mox enters, you may exile an artifact card from your hand.NEWLINET: Add one mana of any color. Activate only if there is a card exiled with Astral Mox.			normal	ACE		\nEffigy of the Vile One		cube	Artifact Creature – Snake Puppet 	342	C	9	Deathtouch, indestructibleNEWLINEWhenever Effigy of the Vile One deals combat damage to a player, that player loses the game.	1/9		normal	ACE		\nTemple Excavator		cube	Artifact Creature – Golem 	378	C	5	When Temple Excavator enters, create a Treasure token.NEWLINETap an untapped artifact you control: Add C.NEWLINETap three untapped artifacts you control: Draw a card.	3/5		normal	ACE		\nThe Mortality Anchor		cube	Legendary Artifact – Vehicle 	357	C	5	VigilanceNEWLINEWhen The Mortality Anchor leaves, if it attacked or blocked this turn, create G’thol, a 20/20 colorless legendary God creature token with menace and shroud.NEWLINECrew 2	8/2		normal	ACE		\nSynthetic Lotus		cube	Artifact	377	C	0	T, Sacrifice Synthetic Lotus: Add three mana of any one color. You can’t spend this mana to cast spells.			normal	ACE		\nRudlington's Tinkerwork		cube	Artifact	368	C	1	1, T: Add one mana of any color.NEWLINET, Sacrifice Rudlington’s Tinkerwork: Draw a card.			normal	ACE		\nOcular Parasite		cube	Artifact Creature – Construct 	360	C	1	FlyingNEWLINEWhen Ocular Parasite enters, look at target opponent’s hand.NEWLINEWhenever Ocular Parasite deals combat damage to a player, choose a card name. That player can’t cast spells with the chosen name during their next turn.	1/1		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nIronhide Processional		cube	Kindred Artifact – Rebel Vehicle 	351	C	2	Whenever Ironhide Processional attacks, if Ironhide Processional was crewed by creatures with 3 or more total power this turn, defending player loses 3 life unless they sacrifice a nonland permanent or discard a card.NEWLINECrew 1	3/3		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nTimeless Watchers		cube	Artifact Creature – Sand Construct 	380	C	6	VigilanceNEWLINEIf a source would deal damage to you, that source deals 1 damage instead.NEWLINEIf you would lose life, you lose 1 life instead.	6/6		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nThe Good Book of Jorah		cube	Legendary Artifact	348	C	4	At the beginning of your end step, look at the top card of your library. If it’s a nonland card with mana value less than or equal to your influence, you may cast it without paying its mana cost. Otherwise, put it into your hand and you get V (an influence counter).			normal	ACE		\nSteelwork Hydra		cube	Artifact Creature – Hydra 	374	C	X	TrampleNEWLINESteelwork Hydra enters with X +1/+1 counters on it.NEWLINEWhenever Steelwork Hydra becomes the target of an instant or sorcery spell, remove two +1/+1 counters from it and counter that spell.	0/0		normal	ACE		\nMox Beetle		cube	Artifact Creature – Insect 	358	C	0	1, T: Add one mana of any color.NEWLINEConcord – T: Add one mana of any color. Activate only if there are four or more card types among permanents you control.	1/1		normal	ACE		\nHarvesting Titan		cube	Artifact Creature – Golem 	349	C	10	IndestructibleNEWLINEWhen Harvesting Titan enters, choose a permanent of each noncreature permanent type, then destroy those permanents.	10/10		normal	ACE		\nDivine Lotus		cube	Artifact	338	C	4	Divine Lotus enters tapped. As it does, choose a color.NEWLINET: Add three mana of the chosen color.			normal	ACE		\nSlaughterkeg		cube	Artifact Creature – Construct 	372	C	2	Slaughterkeg can’t attack or block.NEWLINEWhile an opponent is choosing targets as part of casting a spell or activating an ability they control, that player must choose at least Slaughterkeg if able.NEWLINEWhen Slaughterkeg dies, draw a card.	0/3		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nThe Veil Betwixt		cube	Legendary Artifact	381	C	6	Creatures you control get +1/+1.NEWLINEWhenever a nontoken creature you control dies, create a token that’s a copy of it, except it has decayed.NEWLINEWhenever a token creature you control dies, draw a card.			normal	ACE		!eggprint\nDominomicon Abridged		cube	Legendary Artifact	340	C	5	SpiritedNEWLINEDominomicon Abridged enters tapped.NEWLINET, Sacrifice a land: Discover 4. Activate only as as sorcery. (Exile cards from the top of your library until you exile a nonland card with mana value 4 or less. Cast it without paying its mana cost or put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom in a random order.)			normal	ACE		\nDraco Ligneus		cube	Legendary Artifact – Vehicle 	341	C	5	FlyingNEWLINEWhen Draco Ligneus enters or attacks, exile the top card of your library. You may cast that card. When you don’t, Draco Ligneus deals 3 damage to up to one target creature, planeswalker, or battle.NEWLINECrew 3	5/5		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nSheoldred's Bloodhall		cube	Artifact	371	C	8	At the beginning of your upkeep, return target creature card from a graveyard to the battlefield. You gain 2 life.NEWLINEAt the beginning of each opponent’s upkeep, that player sacrifices a creature and loses 2 life.			normal	ACE		\nBygone Mariner		cube	Artifact – Vehicle 	336	C	3	When Bygone Mariner enters, draw two cards, then discard three cards.NEWLINE5: Exile target creature card from your graveyard. Create a token that’s a copy of that card except it has decayed and “Tap this creature: Target artifact you control named Bygone Mariner becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.”	8/8		normal	ACE		\nFishing Docks		cube	Artifact	344	C	1	1, T: Create a 0/1 blue Fish creature token.NEWLINET, Sacrifice a Fish: Create a Food token.NEWLINET, Sacrifice a Food: Create a Treasure token and draw a card.			normal	ACE		!eggprint\nDjitu's Lithified Mantle		cube	Legendary Artifact – Equipment 	339	C	1	Whenever equipped creature attacks, if you don’t control a creature named Jwanga Djitu, create Jwanga Djitu, a legendary 10/10 colorless Sand Construct artifact creature token with indestructible that’s tapped and attacking.NEWLINEEquip 10			normal	ACE		!eggprint\nXueyang San		cube	Legendary Artifact – Equipment 	383	C	1	Equipped creature gets +1/-1 and has “When this creature dies, put a fate counter on Xueyang San.”NEWLINE1, Remove a fate counter from Xueyang San: Choose one –NEWLINE• Draw a card.NEWLINE• Xueyang San deals 2 damage to any target and you gain 2 life.NEWLINEEquip 1			normal	ACE		!eggprint\nSentinels of Canica Strait		cube	Artifact	370	C	2	Sentinels of Canica Strait enters with three marble counters on it.NEWLINE2, T, Remove a marble counter from Sentinels of Canica Strait: Draw a card.NEWLINE3, T, Sacrifice Sentinels of Canica Strait: Create two 3/3 colorless Warrior artifact creature tokens. Activate only if Sentinels of Canica Strait has no marble counters on it.			normal	ACE		!eggprint\nLifelight Reaper		cube	Artifact Creature – Scarecrow 	354	C	2	As Lifelight Reaper enters, choose a noncreature card name.NEWLINEActivated abilities of sources with the chosen name can’t be activated unless they’re mana abilities.	2/1		normal	ACE		\nSteelworker		cube	Artifact Creature – Golem 	375	C	3	T: Add CCC. Spend this mana to cast artifact spells or activate abilities of artifacts.	1/3		normal	ACE		\nAutodendrologist		cube	Artifact Creature – Golem 	333	C	4	When Autodendrologist enters, search your library for a land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.NEWLINEWanderlust – 7: Shuffle your library, then exile cards from the top of your library until you exile a nonland card. You may cast it without paying its mana cost. Activate only if you control four or more differently named lands.	4/3		normal	ACE		\nArgent Sky Station		cube	Artifact Creature – Thopter 	331	C	8	FlyingNEWLINEWhen Argent Sky Station enters, create four 1/1 colorless Thopter artifact creature tokens with flying.NEWLINEWhenever Argent Sky Station or another Thopter you control attacks, it deals 1 damage to defending player.	4/4		normal	ACE		\nGiant Squid		cube	Creature – Squid 	2	C	10	ShroudNEWLINEWhenever Giant Squid enters or attacks, choose two target permanents an opponent controls. They put one of them on top of their library and the other on the bottom.NEWLINEIf Giant Squid would be put into your graveyard from anywhere, reveal it and put it on the bottom of your library instead.	9/9		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nAzumoth, the Fated Ruin		cube	Legendary Creature – Eldrazi 	1	C	14	When you cast Azumoth, gain control of target player until the end of their next main phase.NEWLINEIndestructibleNEWLINEWhenever Azumoth enters or attacks, each opponent exiles two permanents they control with different mana values.NEWLINEIf Azumoth would be put into a graveyard from anywhere, reveal Azumoth and shuffle it into its owner’s library instead.	14/14		normal	ACE		!eggprint\nCoastal Chateau		cube	Land	388	C		Coastal Chateau enters tapped unless you control a basic land.NEWLINET, Sacrifice Coastal Chateau: Search your library for a Plains or Island card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	ACE		\nMud Pits		cube	Land	418	C		Mud Pits enters tapped unless you control a basic land.NEWLINET, Sacrifice Mud Pits: Search your library for an Island or Swamp card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	ACE		\nCrackling Chasm		cube	Land	390	C		Crackling Chasm enters tapped unless you control a basic land.NEWLINET, Sacrifice Crackling Chasm: Search your library for a Swamp or Mountain card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	ACE		\nAspen Grove		cube	Land	385	C		Aspen Grove enters tapped unless you control a basic land.NEWLINET, Sacrifice Aspen Grove: Search your library for a Mountain or Forest card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	ACE		\nHumble Settlement		cube	Land	409	C		Humble Settlement enters tapped unless you control a basic land.NEWLINET, Sacrifice Humble Settlement: Search your library for a Forest or Plains card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	ACE		\nForgotten Lands		cube	Land	401	C		Forgotten Lands enters tapped unless you control a basic land.NEWLINET, Sacrifice Forgotten Lands: Search your library for a Plains or Swamp card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	ACE		\nBrackish Stronghold		cube	Land	387	C		Brackish Stronghold enters tapped unless you control a basic land.NEWLINET, Sacrifice Brackish Stronghold: Search your library for a Swamp or Forest card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	ACE		\nPrimeval Falls		cube	Land	426	C		Primeval Falls enters tapped unless you control a basic land.NEWLINET, Sacrifice Primeval Falls: Search your library for a Forest or Island card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	ACE		\nTorrid Geyser		cube	Land	440	C		Torrid Geyser enters tapped unless you control a basic land.NEWLINET, Sacrifice Torrid Geyser: Search your library for an Island or Mountain card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	ACE		\nPainted Crags		cube	Land	423	C		Painted Crags enters tapped unless you control a basic land.NEWLINET, Sacrifice Painted Crags: Search your library for a Mountain or Plains card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	ACE		\nHalcyon Shores		cube	Land – Plains Island 	406	C		(T: Add W or U.)NEWLINEWhen Halcyon Shores enters, you lose 1 life.			normal	ACE		\nSodden Cavern		cube	Land – Island Swamp 	436	C		(T: Add U or B.)NEWLINEWhen Sodden Cavern enters, you lose 1 life.			normal	ACE		\nCrystal Pinnacle		cube	Land – Swamp Mountain 	391	C		(T: Add B or R.)NEWLINEWhen Crystal Pinnacle enters, you lose 1 life.			normal	ACE		\nRugged Brake		cube	Land – Mountain Forest 	433	C		(T: Add R or G.)NEWLINEWhen Rugged Brake enters, you lose 1 life.			normal	ACE		\nVast Wildlands		cube	Land – Forest Plains 	446	C		(T: Add G or W.)NEWLINEWhen Vast Wildlands enters you lose 1 life.			normal	ACE		\nFallow Expanse		cube	Land – Plains Swamp 	399	C		(T: Add W or B.)NEWLINEWhen Fallow Expanse enters, you lose 1 life.			normal	ACE		\nDense Everglade		cube	Land – Swamp Forest 	392	C		(T: Add B or G.)NEWLINEWhen Dense Everglade enters, you lose 1 life.			normal	ACE		\nProsperous Jungle		cube	Land – Forest Island 	428	C		(T: Add G or U.)NEWLINEWhen Prosperous Jungle enters, you lose 1 life.			normal	ACE		\nIgneous Coast		cube	Land – Island Mountain 	411	C		(T: Add U or R.)NEWLINEWhen Igneous Coast enters, you lose 1 life.			normal	ACE		\nFirefern Cradle		cube	Land – Mountain Plains 	400	C		(T: Add R or W.)NEWLINEWhen Firefern Cradle enters the battlefield, you lose 1 life.			normal	ACE		\nIssbarren Highlands		cube	Legendary Land – Plains Island 	412	C					normal	ACE		\nMapango Cavern		cube	Legendary Land – Island Swamp 	416	C					normal	ACE		\nThe Lost Lands		cube	Legendary Land – Swamp Mountain 	414	C					normal	ACE		\nGlyris Grove		cube	Legendary Land – Mountain Forest 	403	C					normal	ACE		\nMekini Prairie		cube	Legendary Land – Forest Plains 	417	C					normal	ACE		\nPalaces at Al-Araz		cube	Legendary Land – Plains Swamp 	424	C					normal	ACE		\nOlde Bwawa		cube	Legendary Land – Swamp Forest 	421	C					normal	ACE		\nGreensea Cove		cube	Legendary Land – Forest Island 	404	C					normal	ACE		\nThunderberg		cube	Legendary Land – Island Mountain 	438	C					normal	ACE		\nOuter Omrol		cube	Legendary Land – Mountain Plains 	422	C					normal	ACE		\nFrigid Grave		cube	Land – Desert 	402	WU		If you control a land, Frigid Grave enters tapped.NEWLINET: Add C.NEWLINET, Pay 1 life: Add W or U.NEWLINE2WU: Until end of turn, Frigid Grave becomes a 2/4 Sand land creature. Whenever it attacks this turn, target creature you control gains flying until end of turn.			normal	ACE		\nEerie Grave		cube	Land – Desert 	395	UB		If you control a land, Eerie Grave enters tapped.NEWLINET: Add C.NEWLINET, Pay 1 life: Add U or B.NEWLINE1UB: Until end of turn, Eerie Grave becomes a 2/3 Sand land creature with menace. Whenever it attacks this turn, surveil 1.			normal	ACE		\nDreadful Grave		cube	Land – Desert 	394	BR		If you control a land, Dreadful Grave enters tapped.NEWLINET: Add C.NEWLINET, Pay 1 life: Add B or R.NEWLINE1BR: Until end of turn, Dreadful Grave becomes a 3/2 Sand land creature. Whenever it attacks this turn, forebode. (Create a tapped colorless Omen artifact token with “T, Discard a card, Sacrifice this: Draw a card.”)			normal	ACE		\nTusked Grave		cube	Land – Desert 	442	RG		If you control a land, Tusked Grave enters tapped.NEWLINET: Add C.NEWLINET, Pay 1 life: Add R or G.NEWLINE3RG: Until end of turn, Tusked Grave becomes a 5/4 Sand land creature with trample. Whenever it attacks this turn, target creature defending player controls can’t block this turn.			normal	ACE		\nResplendent Grave		cube	Land – Desert 	432	WG		If you control a land, Resplendent Grave enters tapped.NEWLINET: Add C.NEWLINET, Pay 1 life: Add G or W.NEWLINE3GW: Until end of turn, Resplendent Grave becomes a 4/4 Sand land creature with vigilance. Whenever it attacks this turn, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control.			normal	ACE		\nRasping Grave		cube	Land – Desert 	430	WB		If you control a land, Rasping Grave enters tapped.NEWLINET: Add C.NEWLINET, Pay 1 life: Add W or B.NEWLINE2WB: Until end of turn, Rasping Grave becomes a 3/4 Sand land creature with lifelink. Whenever it attacks this turn, you may sacrifice a nonland permanent. If you do, draw a card.			normal	ACE		\nNoxious Grave		cube	Land – Desert 	420	BG		If you control a land, Noxious Grave enters tapped.NEWLINET: Add C.NEWLINET, Pay 1 life: Add B or G.NEWLINEBG: Until end of turn, Noxious Grave becomes a 2/2 Sand land creature. Whenever it attacks this turn, target creature you control gains deathtouch until end of turn.			normal	ACE		\nIchthyic Grave		cube	Land – Desert 	410	UG		If you control a land, Ichthyic Grave enters tapped.NEWLINET: Add C.NEWLINET, Pay 1 life: Add G or U.NEWLINE1GU: Until end of turn, Ichthyic Grave becomes a 3/3 Sand land creature. Whenever it attacks this turn, choose up to three cards in graveyards. Their owners shuffles those cards into their libraries.			normal	ACE		\nExotic Grave		cube	Land – Desert 	398	UR		If you control a land, Exotic Grave enters tapped.NEWLINET: Add C.NEWLINET, Pay 1 life: Add U or R.NEWLINE2UR: Until end of turn, Exotic Grave becomes a 1/4 Sand land creature that can’t be blocked. Whenever it attacks this turn, create a tapped Treasure token.			normal	ACE		\nValiant Grave		cube	Land – Desert 	445	WR		If you control a land, Valiant Grave enters tapped.NEWLINET: Add C.NEWLINET, Pay 1 life: Add R or W.NEWLINE1RW: Until end of turn, Valiant Grave becomes a 2/1 Sand land creature with first strike. Whenever it attacks this turn, creatures you control get +1/+0 until end of turn.			normal	ACE		\nCoastal Dominion		cube	Land – Plains Island Swamp 	389	C		(T: Add W, U, or B.)NEWLINECoastal Dominion enters tapped.			normal	ACE		f!reprint\nBleak Dominion		cube	Land – Island Swamp Mountain 	386	C		(T: Add U, B, or R.)NEWLINEBleak Dominion enters tapped.			normal	ACE		f!reprint\nPrimal Dominion		cube	Land – Swamp Mountain Forest 	425	C		(T: Add B, R, or G.)NEWLINEPrimal Dominion enters tapped.			normal	ACE		f!reprint\nRugged Dominion		cube	Land – Mountain Forest Plains 	434	C		(T: Add R, G, or W.)NEWLINERugged Dominion enters tapped.			normal	ACE		f!reprint\nStalwart Dominion		cube	Land – Forest Plains Island 	437	C		(T: Add G, W, or U.)NEWLINEStalwart Dominion enters tapped.			normal	ACE		f!reprint\nMajestic Dominion		cube	Land – Plains Swamp Forest 	415	C		(T: Add W, B, or G.)NEWLINEMajestic Dominion enters tapped.			normal	ACE		f!reprint\nAncient Dominion		cube	Land – Island Mountain Plains 	384	C		(T: Add U, R, or W.)NEWLINEAncient Dominion enters tapped.			normal	ACE		f!reprint\nVerdant Dominion		cube	Land – Swamp Forest Island 	447	C		(T: Add B, G, or U.)NEWLINEVerdant Dominion enters tapped.			normal	ACE		f!reprint\nDesolate Dominion		cube	Land – Mountain Plains Swamp 	393	C		(T: Add R, W, or B.)NEWLINEDesolate Dominion enters tapped.			normal	ACE		f!reprint\nPristine Dominion		cube	Land – Forest Island Mountain 	427	C		(T: Add G, U, or R.)NEWLINEPristine Dominion enters tapped.			normal	ACE		f!reprint\nWindswept Palace		cube	Land	449	W		T: Add C.NEWLINET: Add WW. Spend this mana only to cast creature spells with mana value 2.			normal	ACE		\nHeadmaster's Quarters		cube	Land	408	U		Headmaster’s Quarters enters tapped. When it does, look at the top three cards of your library and exile one face down, then put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.NEWLINET: Add U.NEWLINEU, T: You may cast the exiled card without paying its mana cost. Activate only if a graveyard has ten or more cards in it.			normal	ACE		\nRavael's Mausoleum		cube	Legendary Land	431	B		T: Add B.NEWLINEChannel – 1B, Discard Ravael’s Mausoleum: Return target creature card with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield. It can’t block this turn.			normal	ACE		\nSierra Foundry		cube	Land	435	R		T: Add R. Activate only if you control an artifact.NEWLINET: Add CCC. Activate only if you control three or more artifacts.			normal	ACE		\nThe Everwood		cube	Land – Forest 	397	G		(T: Add G.)NEWLINEThe Everwood enters tapped unless you control a basic Forest.NEWLINE2, T: Add G for each Forest you control.			normal	ACE		\nThe Multiverse Nexus		cube	Legendary Land	419	C		T: Add three mana of any one color. Spend this mana only to cast planeswalker spells.			normal	ACE		\nHalls of Aldmore		cube	Land	407	C		T: Add C.NEWLINEWanderlust – T: Add one mana of any color. Activate only if you control four or more differently named lands.			normal	ACE		\nTorrid Divide		cube	Land – Desert 	439	C		T: Add C.NEWLINET, Sacrifice Torrid Divide: Destroy target nonbasic land. You and that land’s controller each create a colorless Desert land token withNEWLINE“T: Add C.”			normal	ACE		\nWrithing Temple		cube	Land	450	C		T: Add CC. Writhing Temple doesn’t untap during your next untap step.			normal	ACE		\nUrza's Lair		cube	Land – Urza’s Lair 	444	C		Whenever you cast an artifact spell, put a charge counter on Urza’s Lair.NEWLINET: Add C.NEWLINE2, T, Remove two charge counters from Urza’s Lair: Create a 0/0 colorless Construct artifact creature token with “This creature gets +1/+1 for each artifact you control.”			normal	ACE		\nElephant Boneyard		cube	Land	396	C		T: Add C.NEWLINEWhenever a creature you control dies, put a bone counter on Elephant Boneyard.NEWLINET, Remove ten bone counters from Elephant Boneyard: Create three 5/5 green Elephant creature tokens with trample. Sacrifice Elephant Boneyard.			normal	ACE		\nWarped Wilds		cube	Land – Desert 	448	C		T: Add C.NEWLINE1: Warped Wilds becomes a 1/1 Sand creature until end of turn. It’s still a land.			adventure	ACE		Distortion		Sorcery – Tale 	C	6	Put three +1/+1 counters on target permanent you control.				!eggprint\nTwister Country		cube	Land	443	C		T: Add C.NEWLINEWanderlust – T, Sacrifice Twister Country: Destroy target land. Activate only if you control four or more differently named lands.			normal	ACE		\nThe Issbarrens		cube	Legendary Land	413	C		T: Add C.NEWLINE2, T: Prevent all combat damage target creature would deal this turn.			normal	ACE		!eggprint\nTreasure Cove		cube	Land	441	C		T: Add C.NEWLINET: Add one mana of any type an artifact you control could produce.			normal	ACE		!eggprint\nRainbow Ridge		cube	Land	429	WUBRG		Rainbow Ridge enters tapped.NEWLINET: Add one mana of any color a basic land you control could produce.NEWLINEWhenever a basic land enters under your control, if other basic lands you control could produce WUBRG, Rainbow Ridge deals 3 damage to any target and you gain 3 life.			normal	ACE		\nGuildhall of Initiates		cube	Land	405	C		T: Add C.NEWLINE1, T: Guildhall of Initiates becomes a copy of target permanent you control with mana value 1 and gains this ability.			normal	ACE		\nPath of the Angel		cube	Token – Dungeon	5	C		Search your library for a basic Plains card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.			token	ACE		\nPath of the Sphinx		cube	Token – Dungeon	9	C		Search your library for a basic Island card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.			token	ACE		\nPath of the Demon		cube	Token – Dungeon	6	C		Search your library for a basic Swamp card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.			token	ACE		\nPath of the Dragon		cube	Token – Dungeon	7	C		Search your library for a basic Mountain card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.			token	ACE		\nPath of the Hydra		cube	Token – Dungeon	8	C		Search your library for a basic Forest card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.			token	ACE		\nPlains		cube	Basic Land – Plains 	451	C					normal	ACE		\nPlains		cube	Basic Land – Plains 	452	C					normal	ACE		\nPlains		cube	Basic Land – Plains 	453	C					normal	ACE		\nIsland		cube	Basic Land – Island 	454	C					normal	ACE		\nIsland		cube	Basic Land – Island 	455	C					normal	ACE		\nIsland		cube	Basic Land – Island 	456	C					normal	ACE		\nSwamp		cube	Basic Land – Swamp 	457	C					normal	ACE		\nSwamp		cube	Basic Land – Swamp 	458	C					normal	ACE		\nSwamp		cube	Basic Land – Swamp 	459	C					normal	ACE		\nMountain		cube	Basic Land – Mountain 	460	C					normal	ACE		\nMountain		cube	Basic Land – Mountain 	461	C					normal	ACE		\nMountain		cube	Basic Land – Mountain 	462	C					normal	ACE		\nForest		cube	Basic Land – Forest 	463	C					normal	ACE		\nForest		cube	Basic Land – Forest 	464	C					normal	ACE		\nForest		cube	Basic Land – Forest 	465	C					normal	ACE		\nBird	W	cube	Token Creature – Bird 	12	W		Flying	2/2		token	ACE		\nCleric	W	cube	Token Creature – Cleric 	13	W			1/1		token	ACE		\nEgg	W	cube	Token Creature – Egg 	16	W			0/1		token	ACE		\nGnome	W	cube	Token Creature – Gnome 	17	W			1/1		token	ACE		\nKnight	W	cube	Token Creature – Knight 	18	W		Vigilance	2/2		token	ACE		\nPilot	W	cube	Token Creature – Pilot 	19	W		Lifelink	3/3		token	ACE		\nPirate	W	cube	Token Creature – Pirate 	20	W		This creature crews Vehicles as though its power were 2 greater.	1/1		token	ACE		\nSpirit	W	cube	Token Creature – Spirit 	21	W		Flying	1/1		token	ACE		\nWarrior	W	cube	Token Creature – Warrior 	22	W			1/1		token	ACE		\nCover-Up	W	cube	Token Enchantment	14	W		When this enchantment enters, exile target creature an opponent controls until this enchantment leaves.			token	ACE		\nDrake	U	cube	Token Creature – Drake 	24	U		Flying	2/2		token	ACE		\nFish	U	cube	Token Creature – Fish 	26	U			0/1		token	ACE		\nKraken	U	cube	Token Creature – Kraken 	27	U			8/8		token	ACE		\nPilot	U	cube	Token Creature – Pilot 	28	U		Vigilance	3/3		token	ACE		\nDemon	B	cube	Token Creature – Demon 	30	B			5/5		token	ACE		\nHorror	B	cube	Token Creature – Horror 	32	B			1/1		token	ACE		\nHorror	B	cube	Token Creature – Horror 	31	B			5/5		token	ACE		\nRat	B	cube	Token Creature – Rat 	33	B		This creature can’t block.	1/1		token	ACE		\nShade	B	cube	Token Creature – Shade 	34	B		This creature gets +1/+1 for each creature card in your graveyard.	0/0		token	ACE		\nSnake	B	cube	Token Creature – Snake 	35	B			3/2		token	ACE		\nZombie	B	cube	Token Creature – Zombie 	36	B		Decayed (This creature can’t block. When it attacks, sacrifice it at end of combat.)	2/2		token	ACE		\nCat	R	cube	Token Creature – Cat 	37	R		First strike	2/2		token	ACE		\nDragon	R	cube	Token Creature – Dragon 	39	R		Flying	4/4		token	ACE		\nElemental	R	cube	Token Creature – Elemental 	40	R		Haste	3/1		token	ACE		\nPilot	R	cube	Token Creature – Pilot 	41	R		Menace	3/3		token	ACE		\nSand	R	cube	Token Creature – Sand 	42	R			1/1		token	ACE		\nBeast Mutant	G	cube	Token Creature – Beast Mutant 	44	G			0/0		token	ACE		\nElemental	G	cube	Token Creature – Elemental 	46	G			8/8		token	ACE		\nElephant	G	cube	Token Creature – Elephant 	47	G		Trample	5/5		token	ACE		\nHydra	G	cube	Token Creature – Hydra 	48	G			0/0		token	ACE		\nSeal	G	cube	Token Creature – Seal 	49	G			3/2		token	ACE		\nAlas-Wali	G	cube	Legendary Token Creature – Avatar 	43	G		Trample, indestructible	20/20		token	ACE		\nShimaru the Unfading	G	cube	Legendary Token Creature – Wolf Spirit 	51	G		Trample	4/4		token	ACE		\nSeal of Myrmidon	G	cube	Token Enchantment – Aura 	50	G		Enchant creatureNEWLINEEnchanted creature gets +1/+1 and has hexproof.			token	ACE		\nAngel	WB	cube	Token Creature – Angel 	53	WB		Flying	3/3		token	ACE		\nSand Shark	UR	cube	Token Creature – Sand Shark 	55	UR		Prowess	4/3		token	ACE		\nFox	WR	cube	Token Creature – Fox 	54	WR			2/1		token	ACE		\nElemental		cube	Token Creature – Elemental 	52	C		Flying, first strike, vigilance, trample, lifelink	5/5		token	ACE		\nCultist	W	cube	Token Creature – Cultist 	15	W			1/1		token	ACE		\nCultist	U	cube	Token Creature – Cultist 	23	U			1/1		token	ACE		\nCultist	B	cube	Token Creature – Cultist 	29	B			1/1		token	ACE		\nCultist	R	cube	Token Creature – Cultist 	38	R			1/1		token	ACE		\nCultist	G	cube	Token Creature – Cultist 	45	G			1/1		token	ACE		\nConstruct		cube	Token Artifact Creature – Construct 	57	C		This creature gets +1/+1 for each artifact you control.	0/0		token	ACE		\nConstruct		cube	Token Artifact Creature – Construct 	58	C			1/1		token	ACE		\nConstruct		cube	Token Artifact Creature – Construct 	59	C			3/3		token	ACE		\nDrake Construct	U	cube	Token Artifact Creature – Drake Construct 	25	U		Flying	2/2		token	ACE		\nPuppet		cube	Token Artifact Creature – Puppet 	69	C			1/1		token	ACE		\nSand Construct		cube	Token Artifact Creature – Sand Construct 	70	C			3/3		token	ACE		\nThopter		cube	Token Artifact Creature – Thopter 	71	C		Flying	1/1		token	ACE		\nWarrior		cube	Token Artifact Creature – Warrior 	75	C			3/3		token	ACE		\nGrimm		cube	Token Legendary Artifact Creature – Construct 	62	C		This creature’s power and toughness are each equal to the number of cards in your hand.	*/*		token	ACE		\nJwanga Djitu		cube	Legendary Token Artifact Creature – Sand Construct 	66	C		Indestructible	10/10		token	ACE		\nG'Thol		cube	Token Legendary Creature – God 	63	C		Menace, shroud	20/20		token	ACE		\nVehicle		cube	Token Artifact – Vehicle 	73	C		Flying, crew 1	3/3		token	ACE		\nVehicle		cube	Token Artifact – Vehicle 	74	C		Crew 1	4/4		token	ACE		\nClue		cube	Token Artifact – Clue 	56	C		2, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.			token	ACE		\nEquipment		cube	Token Artifact – Equipment 	60	C		Equipped creature gets +1/+0.NEWLINEEquip 2			token	ACE		\nFood		cube	Token Artifact – Food 	61	C		2, T, Sacrifice this artifact: You gain 3 life.			token	ACE		\nIdol		cube	Token Artifact – Idol 	64	C		1, Sacrifice this artifact: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.			token	ACE		\nMortal Shackles		cube	Token Artifact – Equipment 	67	C		Equipped creature gets -3/-3.NEWLINEEquip 2			token	ACE		\nOmen		cube	Token Artifact – Omen 	68	C		T, Discard a card, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.			token	ACE		\nTreasure		cube	Token Artifact – Treasure 	72	C		T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.			token	ACE		\nJunk		cube	Token Artifact – Junk 	65	C		T, Sacrifice this artifact: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.			token	ACE		\nEldrazi Spawn		cube	Token Creature – Eldrazi Spawn 	3	C		Sacrifice this creature: Add C.	0/1		token	ACE		\nDesert		cube	Token Land – Desert 	76	C		T: Add C.			token	ACE		\nRenaissance		cube	Token – Reminder	10	C		(Enter a renaissance by activating a nonmana ability, casting an instant or sorcery, and attacking in the same turn.)			token	ACE		\nL'Or		cube	Token – Reminder	4	C		(Discover L’Or by spending WUBRG in the same turn.)			token	ACE		\nWarlord		cube	Token – Reminder	11	C		Draw a card at the beginning of your end step if you attacked this turn. When an opponent deals combat damage to you, they become the warlord.			token	ACE		\nBestiary		cube	Token – Reminder	1	C		If you would create a token, you may instead play one from your bestiary.			token	ACE		\nCopy		cube	Token	2	C					token	ACE		\nBygone Mariner		mythic	Artifact – Vehicle 	5	C	3	When Bygone Mariner enters the battlefield, draw two cards, then discard three cards.NEWLINE5: Exile target creature card from your graveyard. Create a token that’s a copy of that card except it has decayed and “Tap this creature: Target artifact you control named Bygone Mariner becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.”	8/8		normal	GSM		\nImperial Butterfly		mythic	Artifact – Vehicle 	12	C	2	Whenever Imperial Butterfly attacks, draw a card.NEWLINEWhenever an opponent deals combat damage to you, that player gains control of Imperial Butterfly.NEWLINECrew 1	3/3		normal	GSM		\nH.S.S. Dreadnought		mythic	Legendary Artifact – Vehicle 	11	C	5	MenaceNEWLINEWhenever H.S.S. Dreadnought attacks, put a vengeance counter on it, then defending player sacrifices a permanent for each vengeance counter on H.S.S. Dreadnought.NEWLINECrew 2	6/6		normal	GSM		\nDraco Ligneus		mythic	Legendary Artifact – Vehicle 	8	C	5	FlyingNEWLINEWhen Draco Ligneus enters the battlefield or attacks, exile the top card of your library. You may cast that card. When you don’t, Draco Ligneus deals 3 damage to up to one target creature, planeswalker, or battle.NEWLINECrew 3	5/5		normal	GSM		\nThe Fell Reaper		mythic	Legendary Artifact – Vehicle 	27	C	7	Whenever The Fell Reaper enters the battlefield or attacks, search your library for a Curse card that doesn’t share a name with a Curse attached to target opponent and put it onto the battlefield attached to that player, then shuffle.NEWLINEYou may tap an untapped planeswalker you control rather than pay The Fell Reaper’s crew cost.NEWLINECrew 4	13/13		normal	GSM		\nThe Moon and the Moors		rare	Legendary Artifact – Vehicle 	33	WU	4	Whenever The Moon and the Moors attacks, choose any number –NEWLINE• Pay W. When you do, return another target nonland permanent you control to its owner’s hand.NEWLINE• Pay 2U. When you do, return target nonland permanent you don’t control to its owner’s hand.NEWLINECrew 2	5/5		normal	GSM		\nThe Bones and the Brine		rare	Legendary Artifact – Vehicle 	25	UB	3	Whenever The Bones and the Brine attacks, choose any number –NEWLINE• Pay U. When you do, create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token with decayed.NEWLINE• Pay 2B. When you do, each player sacrifices a non-Vehicle creature.NEWLINECrew 2	4/4		normal	GSM		\nThe Spite and the Scorn		rare	Legendary Artifact – Vehicle 	35	BR	3	Whenever The Spite and the Scorn attacks, choose any number –NEWLINE• Pay B. When you do, The Spite and the Scorn deals 2 damage to defending player.NEWLINE• Pay 2R. When you do, The Spite and the Scorn deals 2 damage to target creature or planeswalker defending player controls.NEWLINECrew 2	4/4		normal	GSM		\nThe Storm and the Cedar		rare	Legendary Artifact – Vehicle 	36	RG	5	Whenever The Storm and the Cedar attacks, choose any number –NEWLINE• Pay 1R. When you do, target creature can’t block this turn.NEWLINE• Pay 1G. When you do, target creature you control must be blocked this combat if able.NEWLINECrew 2	6/6		normal	GSM		\nThe Heart and the Soul		rare	Legendary Artifact – Vehicle 	30	WG	4	Whenever The Heart and the Soul attacks, choose any number –NEWLINE• Pay 2G. When you do, another target creature gets +5/+5 until end of turn.NEWLINE• Pay 1W. When you do, another target creature gains indestructible until end of turn.NEWLINECrew 2	5/5		normal	GSM		\nThe Mirth and the Misery		rare	Legendary Artifact – Vehicle 	32	WB	2	Whenever The Mirth and the Misery attacks, choose any number –NEWLINE• Pay W. When you do, target creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn.NEWLINE• Pay B. When you do, target creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn.NEWLINECrew 2	3/3		normal	GSM		\nThe Flesh and the Fate		rare	Legendary Artifact – Vehicle 	28	BG	4	Whenever The Flesh and the Fate attacks, choose any number –NEWLINE• Pay B. When you do, return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.NEWLINE• Pay G. When you do, discard a creature card. If you do, search your library for a creature card, put it into your hand, then shuffle.NEWLINECrew 2	5/5		normal	GSM		\nThe Earth and the Sea		rare	Legendary Artifact – Vehicle 	26	UG	2	Whenever The Earth and the Sea attacks, choose any number –NEWLINE• Pay G. When you do, until end of turn, target land you control becomes a 3/3 Elemental creature that’s attacking.NEWLINE• Pay U. When you do, another target creature or land you control can’t be blocked this turn.NEWLINECrew 2	3/3		normal	GSM		\nThe Blood and the Claw		rare	Legendary Artifact – Vehicle 	24	UR	1	Whenever The Blood and the Claw attacks, choose any number –NEWLINE• Pay 1U. When you do, target creature defending player controls has base power and toughness 0/1 and loses all abilities until end of turn.NEWLINE• Pay 2R. When you do, target attacking creature you control has base power and toughness 4/4 and gains flying until end of turn.NEWLINECrew 2	2/2		normal	GSM		\nThe Sun and the Spirit		rare	Legendary Artifact – Vehicle 	37	WR	3	Whenever The Sun and the Spirit attacks, choose any number –NEWLINE• Pay 1R. When you do, create two 1/1 red Pirate creature tokens that are tapped and attacking. Exile them at end of combat.NEWLINE• Pay 2W. When you do, creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn.NEWLINECrew 2	4/4		normal	GSM		\nBrine Fleet Bay		rare	Legendary Artifact Land – Vehicle 	4	C		T: Add C.NEWLINECrew 3 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 3 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	5/5		normal	GSM		\nThe Great Maw		rare	Legendary Artifact – Vehicle 	29	C	4	Whenever The Great Maw attacks, you may pay 4. If you do, create an 8/8 blue Kraken creature token that’s tapped and attacking. That token gains trample and hexproof until end of turn, then exile The Great Maw until that token leaves the battlefield.NEWLINECrew 2	4/4		normal	GSM		\nSuitor of the Wind		uncommon	Legendary Artifact – Vehicle 	22	WU	3	Whenever Suitor of the Wind attacks, you may pay W/UW/U. When you do, tap target noncreature artifact you control. Until end of combat, it becomes a 3/3 artifact creature that’s attacking.NEWLINECrew 1	3/3		normal	GSM		WU\nThe Foul Omen		uncommon	Legendary Artifact – Vehicle 	9	UB	5	Whenever The Foul Omen attacks, you may pay U/BU/B. When you do, create two 2/2 black Zombie creature tokens with decayed. (It can’t block. When it attacks, sacrifice it at end of combat.)NEWLINECrew 3	3/7		normal	GSM		UB\nDespair's Emissary		uncommon	Legendary Artifact – Vehicle 	7	BR	4	Whenever Despair’s Emissary attacks, you may pay B/RB/R. When you do, it deals damage equal to the number of enchantments you control to defending player.NEWLINECrew 2	5/5		normal	GSM		BR\nShining Horizon		uncommon	Legendary Artifact – Vehicle 	19	RG	2	Whenever Shining Horizon attacks, you may pay R/GR/G. When you do, create two tapped Treasure tokens.NEWLINECrew 2	3/3		normal	GSM		RG\nFrere et Soeur		uncommon	Legendary Artifact – Vehicle 	10	WG	4	Whenever Frere et Soeur attacks, you may pay G/WG/W. When you do, distribute two +1/+1 counters among one or two target creatures and/or Vehicles you control.NEWLINECrew 2	5/4		normal	GSM		GW\nThe Ashen Cross		uncommon	Legendary Artifact – Vehicle 	2	WB	3	Whenever The Ashen Cross attacks, you may pay W/BW/B. When you do, return target creature card with mana value 4 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield, then sacrifice that creature.NEWLINECrew 3	4/4		normal	GSM		WB\nThe Abyssal Pilgrim		uncommon	Legendary Artifact – Vehicle 	23	BG	1	Whenever The Abyssal Pilgrim attacks, you may pay B/GB/G. When you do, mill three cards, then you may return a permanent card milled this way to your hand.NEWLINECrew 1	2/3		normal	GSM		BG\nSeaskipper		uncommon	Legendary Artifact – Vehicle 	18	UG	4	Whenever Seaskipper attacks, you may pay G/UG/U. When you do, create a token that’s a copy of target creature you control with mana value 3 or less.NEWLINECrew 2	5/5		normal	GSM		GU\nThe Scarlet Scourge		uncommon	Legendary Artifact – Vehicle 	34	UR	4	Whenever The Scarlet Scourge attacks, you may pay U/RU/R. When you do, create a 4/4 red Dragon creature token with flying that’s tapped and attacking. Sacrifice that token at end of combat.NEWLINECrew 2	4/4		normal	GSM		UR\nThe Huntress		uncommon	Legendary Artifact – Vehicle 	31	WR	5	Whenever The Huntress attacks, you may pay R/WR/W. When you do and it’s your first combat phase this turn, untap each attacking Vehicle you control. After this combat phase, there is an additional combat phase.NEWLINECrew 4	4/5		normal	GSM		RW\nJolly Drifter		uncommon	Artifact – Vehicle 	13	C	4	When Jolly Drifter enters the battlefield, create two 1/1 blue and red Pirate creature tokens.NEWLINECrew 2 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 2 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	4/3		normal	GSM		\nColossal Flagship		uncommon	Artifact – Vehicle 	6	C	2	Colossal Flagship can’t be blocked by more than one creature.NEWLINECrew 5 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 5 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	8/5		normal	GSM		\nWavewrecker		uncommon	Artifact – Vehicle 	38	C	3	TrampleNEWLINEWhenever Wavewrecker deals combat damage to a player, put a +1/+1 counter on it.NEWLINECrew 2 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 2 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	4/4		normal	GSM		\nRelentless Destroyer		uncommon	Artifact – Vehicle 	14	C	7	When Relentless Destroyer enters the battlefield, destroy target nonland permanent an opponent controls.NEWLINECrew 1 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 1 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	4/5		normal	GSM		\nAgile Catamaran		common	Artifact – Vehicle 	1	C	1	When Agile Catamaran enters the battlefield under your control, you may search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, then shuffle and put that card on top.NEWLINECrew 1 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 1 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	2/2		normal	GSM		\nShipping Schooner		common	Artifact – Vehicle 	20	C	3	Whenever Shipping Schooner attacks, draw a card, then discard a card.NEWLINECrew 1 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 1 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	4/3		normal	GSM		\nSkysail Cutter		common	Artifact – Vehicle 	21	C	2	3: Skysail Cutter gains flying until end of turn.NEWLINECrew 1 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 1 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	3/3		normal	GSM		\nRelentless Galleon		common	Artifact – Vehicle 	15	C	4	MenaceNEWLINECrew 3 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 3 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	6/5		normal	GSM		\nRoyal Patroller		common	Artifact – Vehicle 	16	C	4	Royal Patroller can’t be blocked by creatures with power 1 or less.NEWLINECrew 2 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 2 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	5/5		normal	GSM		\nSea Devil		common	Artifact – Vehicle 	17	C	3	T: Each opponent loses 1 life. Activate only if Sea Devil is a creature.NEWLINECrew 2 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 2 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	3/4		normal	GSM		\nBlood Flag Convoy		uncommon	Artifact – Vehicle 	3	C	8	When Blood Flag Convoy enters the battlefield, create a 4/4 colorless Vehicle artifact token with crew 1.NEWLINECrew 2 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 2 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	8/8		normal	GSM		\nFirst Admiral of the Bellows	W	mythic	Creature – Dwarf Pirate 	15	W	1WW	Shipwright 1 (When this enters, put a +1/+1 counter on it or a Vehicle you control.)NEWLINEOther Dwarves you control have shipwright 1.NEWLINEWhenever a Vehicle enters the battlefield under your control, create a 1/1 white Dwarf creature token.	3/3		normal	GSS		\nBetsy Mae Moss, Legionette	W	mythic	Legendary Creature – Human Pirate 	5	W	1W	AgileNEWLINEAs long as Betsy Mae Moss entered the battlefield or attacked this turn, your opponents can’t cast noncreature spells.	3/1		normal	GSS		\nPanya, Minikin Hero	U	mythic	Legendary Creature – Mouse Warrior 	43	U	1U	FlyingNEWLINEWhen Panya enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a battle card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.NEWLINEWhenever Panya attacks, if she isn’t attacking a player, she has base power and toughness 4/4 until end of turn.	1/1		normal	GSS		\nRami Nyi, the Tsunami	U	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker – Rami 	47	U	2UU			Whenever you cast a spell on an opponent’s turn, you may activate one of Rami Nyi’s loyalty abilities. (You still pay its costs.)NEWLINE[+1]: Create a 0/1 blue Fish creature token.NEWLINE[0]: Draw a card, then discard a card unless you sacrifice a permanent.NEWLINE[-3]: The owner of target spell or nonland permanent puts that card on the top or bottom of their library.	planeswalker	GSS	4	\nThe Deep Ones	B	mythic	Creature – Merfolk Horror 	76	B	B	DeathtouchNEWLINEWhenever The Deep Ones deals combat damage to a player, look at the top three cards of that player’s library. Exile one face down, then put the rest into that player’s graveyard.NEWLINE1BB, Discard your hand: Cast any number of cards exiled with The Deep Ones without paying their mana costs. You lose life equal to the total mana value of cards cast this way.	1/1		normal	GSS		\nCurse of the Dusk Fleet	B	mythic	Enchantment – Aura Curse 	73	B	1B	Enchant opponentNEWLINEWhen Curse of the Dusk Fleet enters the battlefield, it deals 3 damage to target creature or planeswalker enchanted player controls.NEWLINE2: Curse of the Dusk Fleet becomes a copy of another target Curse you control attached to enchanted player.			normal	GSS		\nGiradrus, the Cataclysm	R	mythic	Legendary Creature – Dragon 	101	R	5RR	Flying, hasteNEWLINEWhenever Giradrus attacks for the first time each turn, untap it and any number of other creatures you control. Put a decayed counter on each other creature untapped this way. After this phase, there is an additional combat phase.	5/5		normal	GSS		\nThe Butcher of Bandura	R	mythic	Legendary Creature – Shark Beast 	92	R	3RR	Whenever The Butcher of Bandura enters the battlefield or attacks, each opponent who controls three or more permanents sacrificesNEWLINEa permanent.NEWLINEWhenever a permanent an opponent controls dies, if it was a creature or planeswalker, The Butcher of Bandura deals 2 damage to that player. Otherwise, create a Treasure token.	4/5		normal	GSS		\nBattle for Alas-Wana	G	mythic	Battle – Conquest 	119	G	1GG	(As a Conquest enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When it’s defeated, put it onto the battlefield transformed.)NEWLINEWhenever a player taps a land for mana, that playerNEWLINEadds one mana of any type that land produced.			double faced	GSS	4	Atine Grojogan		Land	G		T: Add G for each land you control.NEWLINE20, Sacrifice Atine Grojogan: Create Alas-Wali, a legendary 20/20 green Avatar creature token with trample and indestructible.				\nThe Wakiwaki	G	mythic	Legendary Creature – Fish Drake 	145	G	2GG	Vigilance, deathtouchNEWLINEWhenever The Wakiwaki deals combat damage to a player, destroy target nonbasic, noncreature permanent that player controls. They create a tapped Island token.	4/4		normal	GSS		\nA World Through the Wake	UG	mythic	Kindred Instant – Kraken Revelation 	200	UG	2GU	Fathom 8GUNEWLINEReveal the top eight cards of your library. You may put a land card, a creature card, and a Kraken card from among them into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom in a random order.NEWLINEKraken Revelation spells you cast resolve as creatures.	8/8		normal	GSS		\nJara, Glade Sovereign	WRG	mythic	Legendary Creature – Dragon Treefolk 	179	WRG	2RGW	Flying, trample, ward 2NEWLINEWayfarer (If you’ve spent WUBRG this turn, discover L’Or.)NEWLINEWhenever Jara deals combat damage to a player, you may reveal a permanent card you own from outside the game and put it into your hand. If you’ve discovered L’Or, you may put that card onto the battlefield instead.	3/5		normal	GSS		\nDeacon Bay Docks		mythic	Legendary Planeswalker – Ghariv 	1	C	5			[+1]: You may put an artifact card with mana value 2 or less from your hand or graveyard onto the battlefield.NEWLINE[0]: Target artifact or creature loses all abilities and becomes a colorless Vehicle artifact with base power and toughness 4/4 and crew 1.NEWLINE[-6]: Deacon Bay Docks loses all abilities and becomes a colorless Vehicle artifact with base power and toughness 10/10, indestructible, crew 1, and “Whenever Deacon Bay Docks attacks, exile target permanent.” (This effect lasts indefinitely.)	planeswalker	GSS	4	\nJorah, Eternal and Insatiable	WB	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker – Jorah 	180	WB	2WB			[+1]: Until your next turn, up to one target creature you control gains lifelink, deathtouch, and vigilance.NEWLINE[0]: Reveal the top two cards of your library. An opponent chooses one and loses life equal to its mana value. Put that card into your graveyard and the other into your hand.NEWLINE[-2]: The next time you would create one or more creature tokens this turn, instead create that many 3/3 white and black Angel creature tokens with flying.	planeswalker	GSS	4	\nCaptain Crain	UBR	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker – Crain 	158	UBR	UUBBRR			First mate – Your starting deck contains “The Fell Reaper” and each nonland card in your starting deck targets or has an ability that targets.NEWLINE[+3]: Target opponent exiles a card from their hand or a nonland permanent they control. If that player is cursed, you may play that card until end of turn.NEWLINE[-3]: Captain Crain deals 3 damage to each creature and each non-Crain planeswalker. Create three Treasure tokens.NEWLINE[-13]: Each cursed opponent loses the game.	planeswalker	GSS	5	\nTomas, Beau of the Brine	W	rare	Legendary Creature – Human Pirate 	29	W	1W	Shipwright 1 (When this enters, put a +1/+1 counter on it or a Vehicle you control.)NEWLINEAs long as you control a creature with flying, each creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it has flying. The same is true for agile, first strike, double strike, challenge, deathtouch, indestructible, lifelink, lure, menace, trample, and vigilance.	1/1		normal	GSS		\nWayward Crew	W	rare	Creature – Human Pirate 	30	W	2W	Whenever one or more creatures with power 2 or less enter the battlefield under your control, create a Clue token.NEWLINEWhenever you sacrifice a Clue, put a +1/+1 counter on target permanent you control.	3/2		normal	GSS		\nDawn Patrol	W	rare	Creature – Griffin 	10	W	1WW	FlyingNEWLINEWhenever Dawn Patrol attacks, you may exile another target attacking non-Vehicle creature you control, then return it to the battlefield tapped and attacking. That creature gains flying until end of turn.	1/4		normal	GSS		\nGoldsmith Thadd	W	rare	Legendary Creature – Dwarf Artificer 	16	W	2WW	VigilanceNEWLINEWhenever Goldsmith Thadd attacks, return target artifact card from your graveyard to your hand. If its mana value is 4 or less, return it to the battlefield instead.	4/4		normal	GSS		\nAtaxia	W	rare	Enchantment	3	W	1W	FlashNEWLINEWhen Ataxia enters the battlefield, choose one –NEWLINE• Until end of turn, if a creature would enter the battlefield and it wasn’t cast, exile it instead.NEWLINE• Until end of turn, if a spell would resolve and no mana was spent to cast it, exile that spell instead.NEWLINE2, Sacrifice Ataxia: Draw a card.			normal	GSS		\nArrival of the Sun Fleet	W	rare	Sorcery	2	W	4WW	Search your library for a Vehicle card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle. Create a 1/1 white Pirate creature token with “This creature crews Vehicles as though its power were 2 greater.”NEWLINESwansong (Then you may exile this. If you do, you can’t cast spells for the rest of the game, and at the beginning of each of your upkeeps, copy this spell except for swansong.)			normal	GSS		\nBattle for Castle Cay	W	rare	Battle – Conquest 	4	W	3WW	(As a Conquest enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When it’s defeated, put it onto the battlefield transformed.)NEWLINEWhen Battle for Castle Cay enters the battlefield, each player chooses a nonbattle, nonland permanent they control, then sacrifices the rest.			double faced	GSS	4	The Royal Moors		Land	W		T: Add W.NEWLINET: Exile target nonland permanent if its controller controls another nonland permanent that shares a type with it. Activate only as a sorcery.				\nRiftwind Navigator	WU	rare	Creature – Spirit Pirate 	187	WU	2WU	FlashNEWLINEWhen Riftwind Navigator enters the battlefield, exile target spell or nonland permanent an opponent controls with mana value 4 or less.NEWLINEWhen Riftwind Navigator leaves the battlefield, the exiled card’s owner creates a 4/4 colorless Vehicle artifact token with crew 1.	3/2		normal	GSS		\nStormshroud	WB	rare	Enchantment	195	WB	2WB	When Stormshroud enters the battlefield, you gain 3 life.NEWLINEPay 3 life: Exile target creature, then return all other cards exiled with Stormshroud to the battlefield under their owner’s control. Activate only during your turn.			normal	GSS		\nAurelian Drake	U	rare	Creature – Drake 	31	U	U	FlyingNEWLINEAurelian Drake gets +2/+1 as long as you control three or more artifacts.NEWLINEWhenever Aurelian Drake deals combat damage to a player, surveil X, where X is the amount of damage dealt.	1/1		normal	GSS		\nDreadlich Captain	U	rare	Creature – Zombie Pirate 	36	U	1U	Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token with decayed. (It can’t block. When it attacks, sacrifice it at end of combat.)NEWLINE3, Sacrifice three other Zombies: Create a 6/6 black Zombie Horror creature token. It can’t block this turn.	2/1		normal	GSS		\nCloudbreacher	U	rare	Creature – Drake 	34	U	2U	FlyingNEWLINEWhenever Cloudbreacher or another nontoken creature with flying enters the battlefield under your control, create an Egg artifact token with “3, Sacrifice this: Create a 2/2 blue Drake creature token with flying.”	2/4		normal	GSS		\nThe Price of Prosperity	U	rare	Sorcery	45	U	4UU	Wayfarer (If you’ve spent WUBRG this turn, discover L’Or.)NEWLINEEach player shuffles their hand and graveyard into their library, then draws seven cards. If you’ve discovered L’Or, create five Treasure tokens.			normal	GSS		\nDrown in Ken of Shore	U	rare	Kindred Sorcery – Kraken Revelation 	37	U	1U	Fathom 8UU (If you cast this by sacrificing a creature or Vehicle and paying the fathom cost reduced by that permanent’s mana value, put this onto the battlefield as a creature after it resolves or loses targets.)NEWLINEEach opponent mills eight cards.NEWLINEWhenever Drown in Ken of Shore attacks, exile target instant or sorcery card from defending player’s graveyard. You may cast a copy of it without paying its mana cost.	4/8		normal	GSS		\nThe Silversea Swirls	U	rare	Sorcery	53	U	5UU	Each player returns two permanents they control to their owner’s hands, then you create two 1/1 blue Tentacle creature tokens. If you have eight or more cards in your hand, you may create an 8/8 blue Kraken creature token instead.NEWLINESwansong (Then you may exile this. If you do, you can’t cast spells for the rest of the game, and at the beginning of each of your upkeeps, copy this spell except for swansong.)			normal	GSS		\nBattle for the Mistwinds	U	rare	Battle – Conquest 	32	U	2UU	(As a Conquest enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When it’s defeated, put it onto the battlefield transformed.)NEWLINEWhen Battle for the Mistwinds enters the battlefield, look at the top five cards of your library. Put two of them into your handNEWLINEand the rest into your graveyard.			double faced	GSS	4	Ile Des Sirenes		Land	U		T: Add U.NEWLINE2U, T: Mill two cards, then draw a card. If your library has no cards in it, you win the game instead.				\nLast Voyage of the Selkie	UB	rare	Sorcery	182	UB	6UB	Put all creature cards from all graveyards onto the battlefield under your control. Those creatures gain decayed. (It can’t block. When it attacks, sacrifice it at end of combat.)			normal	GSS		\nRazortooth Roost	UR	rare	Enchantment	186	UR	2UR	When Razortooth Roost enters the battlefield, create a 2/2 blue Drake creature token with flying. It gains haste.NEWLINEWhenever three or more creatures you control deal combat damage to a player, draw three cards.			normal	GSS		\nMayit, the Forgotten One	B	rare	Legendary Creature – Zombie Horror 	82	B	3BB	Attacking Zombies you control have deathtouch.NEWLINEWhenever Mayit enters the battlefield or attacks, put a legion counter on it, then create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token with decayed for each legion counter on Mayit. (It can’t block. When it attacks, sacrifice it at end of combat.)	5/5		normal	GSS		\nBlacksea Hag	B	rare	Creature – Merfolk Warlock 	66	B	2B	DeathtouchNEWLINEWhenever Blacksea Hag attacks, mill two cards.NEWLINEWhenever Blacksea Hag deals combat damage to a player, that player loses life equal to the number of card types among cards in your graveyard.	1/5		normal	GSS		\nGrog Snoggers	B	rare	Creature – Skeleton Pirate 	79	B	2BB	Whenever another creature enters the battlefield, each opponent loses 1 life.NEWLINE1B, T: Exile target creature card from your graveyard. Create a token that’s a copy of that card, then exile that token.	3/4		normal	GSS		\nAbyssal Corruption	B	rare	Sorcery	61	B	1BB	As an additional cost to cast this spell, pay X life.NEWLINEDestroy each creature with mana value X or less.			normal	GSS		\nCurse of the Mother	B	rare	Enchantment – Aura Curse 	74	B	2B	Enchant opponentNEWLINEIf a card would be put into enchanted player’s graveyard from anywhere, instead exile it with a smoke counter on it.NEWLINEOnce each turn, you may cast an exiled card enchanted player owns with a smoke counter on it by paying life equal to its mana value rather than paying its mana cost.			normal	GSS		\nAscent of the Wakeborn	B	rare	Sorcery	62	B	7BB	Each player mills three cards, then for each player you may put a creature card from that player’s graveyard onto the battlefield. They gain “When this creature would leave the battlefield, exile it instead.”NEWLINESwansong (Then you may exile this. If you do, you can’t cast spells for the rest of the game, and at the beginning of each of your upkeeps, copy this spell except for swansong.)			normal	GSS		\nBattle for the Dead Strait	B	rare	Battle – Conquest 	64	B	1B	(As a Conquest enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When it’s defeated, put it onto the battlefield transformed.)NEWLINEWhen Battle for the Dead Strait enters the battlefield, search your library for a card, then shuffle and put that card on top. YouNEWLINElose 2 life.			double faced	GSS	4	Shadow Lagoon		Land	B		T: Add B.NEWLINE1B, T: Exile the top five cards of your library, then search your library for a card, shuffle, and put that card on top.				\nCurse of Skull Pass	BR	rare	Enchantment – Aura Curse 	169	BR	BR	Enchant opponentNEWLINESpells enchanted player casts cost an additional 2 or 2 life to cast.			normal	GSS		\nGroveheart Tender	BG	rare	Creature – Treefolk 	177	BG	2BG	Menace, lifelinkNEWLINEGroveheart Tender’s power and toughness are each equal to the number of card types among cards in your graveyard.NEWLINEYou may cast Groveheart Tender from your graveyard by exiling two other cards from your graveyard that don’t share a card type in addition to paying its other costs.	*/*		normal	GSS		\nHamlet Shrieker	R	rare	Creature – Dragon 	103	R	1R	FlyingNEWLINEWhenever Hamlet Shrieker enters the battlefield or an opponent plays a nonbasic land, exile the top card of your library. You may play that card until the beginning of your next end step.NEWLINEWhenever you play a card from exile, Hamlet Shrieker deals 1 damage to any non-Dragon target.	1/1		normal	GSS		\nPathfinder Dragon	R	rare	Creature – Dragon 	110	R	2R	FlyingNEWLINEWayfarer (If you’ve spent WUBRG this turn, discover L’Or.)NEWLINE2R: Pathfinder Dragon gets +2/+0 until end of turn.NEWLINEWhen Pathfinder Dragon dies, if you’ve discovered L’Or, it deals damage equal to its power to any target.	2/3		normal	GSS		\nThe Silversea Company	R	rare	Legendary Creature – Merfolk Pirate 	115	R	5RR	TrampleNEWLINEWhenever The Silversea Company attacks, look at the top seven cards of your library. You may put a creature or Vehicle card from among them onto the battlefield tapped. A Vehicle put onto the battlefield this way becomes a creature until end of turn. That permanent is attacking. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.	7/7		normal	GSS		\nSelf-Guided Ballistics	R	rare	Sorcery	113	R	1R	As an additional cost to cast this spell, pay 2R or sacrifice a creature and an artifact.NEWLINESelf-Guided Ballistics deals 4 damage to each creature and each planeswalker.			normal	GSS		\nCurse of the Firebrand	R	rare	Enchantment – Aura Curse 	97	R	3RR	Enchant opponentNEWLINEAt the beginning of combat on your turn, create a 4/4 red Dragon creature token with flying and haste. It attacks enchanted player this combat if able. Exile that token at end of combat.			normal	GSS		\nFormation of Merida	R	rare	Sorcery	100	R	5RR	Sacrifice a Mountain. When you do, create a colorless Volcano land token with “T: Add R” and “1, T: This land deals 4 damage to any target.”NEWLINESwansong (Then you may exile this. If you do, you can’t cast spells for the rest of the game, and at the beginning of each of your upkeeps, copy this spell except for swansong.)			normal	GSS		\nBattle for the Apex	R	rare	Battle – Conquest 	91	R	1R	(As a Conquest enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When it’s defeated, put it onto the battlefield transformed.)NEWLINEWhen Battle for the Apex enters the battlefield, up to two target creatures can’t block this turn. Until your next turn, those creatures attack each combat if able.			double faced	GSS	4	The Spires at Starrehold		Land	R		T: Add R.NEWLINE1R, T: You may put a creature card from your hand onto the battlefield. It gains haste. Exile that creature at the beginning of the next end step. Activate only as a sorcery.				\nCurrent Pacer	RG	rare	Creature – Merfolk Scout 	168	RG	1RG	Wayfarer (If you’ve spent WUBRG this turn, discover L’Or.)NEWLINEWhen Current Pacer enters the battlefield, draw a card. You may play an additional land this turn.NEWLINE4RG: Shuffle, then exile the top two cards of your library. You may play them this turn. If you’ve discovered L’Or, you may play them this turn without paying their mana costs.	3/2		normal	GSS		\nGareth Redplume IV	WR	rare	Legendary Creature – Human Pirate 	175	WR	3RW	HasteNEWLINET: Each noncreature Vehicle you control becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.	3/5		normal	GSS		\nFathoms Spearhunter	G	rare	Creature – Human Merfolk Pirate 	126	WUBRG	1G	Whenever you spend three or more colors of mana to activate an ability of Fathoms Spearhunter, put a +1/+1 counter on it.NEWLINE2R/W: Fathoms Spearhunter gains double strike until end of turn.NEWLINE3U/B: Look at the top two cards of your library. Put one into your hand and the other into your graveyard.	2/2		normal	GSS		\nPelagic Conduit	G	rare	Creature – Human Pirate 	136	G	4G	When Pelagic Conduit enters the battlefield, look at the top eight cards of your library. You may reveal a Revelation card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom in a random order.NEWLINEWhen Pelagic Conduit dies, create an 8/8 blue Kraken creature token.	1/1		normal	GSS		\nCall of L'Or	G	rare	Sorcery	122	G	G	Wayfarer (If you’ve spent WUBRG this turn, discover L’Or.)NEWLINESearch your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle. If you’ve discovered L’Or, search your library for a green or colorless permanent card instead.			normal	GSS		\nMerveille Pieuvre	G	rare	Legendary Creature – Octopus 	134	G	4GG	VigilanceNEWLINELands you control have shipwright 3. (When a land you control enters, put three +1/+1 counters on it or a Vehicle you control.)NEWLINEAt the beginning of combat on your turn, any number of target lands you control become 0/0 green Elemental creatures with vigilance until end of turn.	6/6		normal	GSS		\nSomething Stirs Within	G	rare	Kindred Sorcery – Kraken Revelation 	140	G	XGG	Fathom GGG (If you cast this by sacrificing a creature or Vehicle and paying the fathom cost reduced by that permanent’s mana value, put this onto the battlefield as a creature after it resolves or loses targets.)NEWLINESearch your library for a green creature card with mana value X or less, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle. If this spell was cast for its fathom cost, X is 1 plus the sacrificed permanent’s mana value.	3/3		normal	GSS		\nGrowth of Arbre-Mere	G	rare	Sorcery	131	G	6GG	Put any number of land cards from your hand onto the battlefield, then draw that many cards. When you do, target land you control becomes an Elemental creature with vigilance, haste, and “This creature’s power and toughness are each equal to the number of lands you control.” (It’s still a land.)NEWLINESwansong (Then you may exile this. If you do, you can’t cast spells for the rest of the game, and at the beginning of each of your upkeeps, copy this spell except for swansong.)			normal	GSS		\nBattle for Prospera Depths	G	rare	Battle – Conquest 	120	G	3G	(As a Conquest enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When it’s defeated, put it onto the battlefield transformed.)NEWLINEWhen Battle for Prospera Depths enters the battlefield,NEWLINEcreate three 0/1 green Kelp creature tokens with “T: Add G.”			double faced	GSS	4	Lozana Shrine		Land	G		T: Add G.NEWLINE4GG, T: Creatures you control have base power and toughness 4/4 until end of turn. Activate only as a sorcery.				\nCoquille, the Rising Isle	WG	rare	Legendary Creature – Dragon Turtle 	166	WG	2GW	If an effect you control would cause one or more counters to be put on a permanent you control, that many of those counters plus one are put on that permanent instead.NEWLINECreatures you control with +1/+1 counters on them have lure. (They must be blocked if able.)	4/4		normal	GSS		\nWitness Forces Unknown	UG	rare	Kindred Sorcery – Kraken Revelation 	199	UG	GU	Fathom 7GU (If you cast this by sacrificing a creature or Vehicle and paying the fathom cost reduced by that permanent’s mana value, put this onto the battlefield as a creature after it resolves or loses targets.)NEWLINEDraw a card. Create a 1/1 blue Tentacle creature token.NEWLINEWhenever you draw a card, create a 1/1 blue Tentacle creature token.NEWLINESacrifice two Tentacles: Target Kraken you control gains hexproof until end of turn.	5/6		normal	GSS		\nSentinels of Canica Strait		rare	Artifact	207	C	2	Sentinels of Canica Strait enters the battlefield with three marble counters on it.NEWLINE2, T, Remove a marble counter from Sentinels of Canica Strait: Draw a card.NEWLINE3, T, Sacrifice Sentinels of Canica Strait: Create two 3/3 colorless Warrior artifact creature tokens. Activate only if Sentinels of Canica Strait has no marble counters on it.			normal	GSS		\nFishing Docks		rare	Artifact	204	C	1	1, T: Create a 0/1 blue Fish creature token.NEWLINET, Sacrifice a Fish: Create a Food token. (It’s an artifact with “2, T, Sacrifice this artifact: You gain 3 life.”)NEWLINET, Sacrifice a Food: Create a Treasure token and draw a card.			normal	GSS		\nVoyager's Passage		rare	Land	220	C		Wayfarer (If you’ve spent WUBRG this turn, discover L’Or.)NEWLINET: Add C.NEWLINE1, T: Add one mana of any color.NEWLINE3: Voyager’s Passage becomes a 5/5 Elemental creature with vigilance and trample until end of turn. It’s still a land. Activate only if you’ve discovered L’Or.			normal	GSS		\nDetention Officer	W	uncommon	Creature – Human Pirate 	11	W	2W	When Detention Officer enters the battlefield, you may exile another target nonland permanent. Return that card to the battlefield under its owner’s control at the beginning of the next end step.	3/1		normal	GSS		WU:NEWLINE - Five or more artifactsNEWLINE - MetalcraftNEWLINEGW:NEWLINE - Odd MVsNEWLINE - +1/+1 countersNEWLINEWB:NEWLINE - triggered abilitiesNEWLINE - flickerNEWLINERW:NEWLINE - MV 3 or lessNEWLINE - Shipwright\nCourier of the Winds	W	uncommon	Creature – Bird 	9	W	W	FlyingNEWLINESacrifice Courier of the Winds: Target artifact you control gains indestructible until end of turn.	1/1		normal	GSS		WU:NEWLINE - Five or more artifactsNEWLINE - MetalcraftNEWLINEGW:NEWLINE - Odd MVsNEWLINE - +1/+1 countersNEWLINEWB:NEWLINE - triggered abilitiesNEWLINE - flickerNEWLINERW:NEWLINE - MV 3 or lessNEWLINE - Shipwright\nJacktar-for-Hire	W	uncommon	Creature – Human Pirate 	17	W	2W	When Jacktar-for-Hire enters the battlefield, search your library for a Vehicle card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.	2/2		normal	GSS		WU:NEWLINE - Five or more artifactsNEWLINE - MetalcraftNEWLINEGW:NEWLINE - Odd MVsNEWLINE - +1/+1 countersNEWLINEWB:NEWLINE - triggered abilitiesNEWLINE - flickerNEWLINERW:NEWLINE - MV 3 or lessNEWLINE - Shipwright\nLady of the Threshers	W	uncommon	Creature – Merfolk Pirate 	18	W	4W	Shipwright 2 (When this enters, put two +1/+1 counters on it or a Vehicle you control.)NEWLINECreatures you control with +1/+1 counters on them have lifelink.	2/3		normal	GSS		WU:NEWLINE - Five or more artifactsNEWLINE - MetalcraftNEWLINEGW:NEWLINE - Odd MVsNEWLINE - +1/+1 countersNEWLINEWB:NEWLINE - triggered abilitiesNEWLINE - flickerNEWLINERW:NEWLINE - MV 3 or lessNEWLINE - Shipwright\nA Pirate's Life	W	uncommon	Instant	21	W	W	Exile target nonland permanent an opponent controls. That player creates a 4/4 colorless Vehicle artifact token with crew 1.			normal	GSS		WU:NEWLINE - Five or more artifactsNEWLINE - MetalcraftNEWLINEGW:NEWLINE - Odd MVsNEWLINE - +1/+1 countersNEWLINEWB:NEWLINE - triggered abilitiesNEWLINE - flickerNEWLINERW:NEWLINE - MV 3 or lessNEWLINE - Shipwright\nThe Blessing of Wealth	W	uncommon	Enchantment	6	W	2W	Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, you gain 1 life.NEWLINEIf an artifact or creature entering the battlefield causes a triggered ability of another permanent you control to trigger and your life total is greater than your starting life total, that ability triggers an additional time.			normal	GSS		WU:NEWLINE - Five or more artifactsNEWLINE - MetalcraftNEWLINEGW:NEWLINE - Odd MVsNEWLINE - +1/+1 countersNEWLINEWB:NEWLINE - triggered abilitiesNEWLINE - flickerNEWLINERW:NEWLINE - MV 3 or lessNEWLINE - Shipwright\nWindwise Drake	U	uncommon	Creature – Drake 	59	U	1U	FlyingNEWLINE2U: Create a Clue token. If you control three or more artifacts, you may draw a card instead.	1/3		normal	GSS		WU:NEWLINE - five or more artifactsNEWLINE - metalcraftNEWLINEUB:NEWLINE - even MV onlyNEWLINE - ZombiesNEWLINEGU:NEWLINE - five or more alternate costsNEWLINE - fathomNEWLINEUR:NEWLINE - all fliersNEWLINE - drakes/dragons\nCrain's Creation	U	uncommon	Creature – Zombie Pirate 	35	U	1U	When Crain’s Creation enters the battlefield, create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token with decayed. (It can’t block. When it attacks, sacrifice it at end of combat.)NEWLINETap three untapped creatures you control: Target player mills three cards.NEWLINETap ten untapped creatures you control: Target player mills twenty cards.	1/1		normal	GSS		WU:NEWLINE - five or more artifactsNEWLINE - metalcraftNEWLINEUB:NEWLINE - even MV onlyNEWLINE - ZombiesNEWLINEGU:NEWLINE - five or more alternate costsNEWLINE - fathomNEWLINEUR:NEWLINE - all fliersNEWLINE - drakes/dragons\nWatchful Ashwing	U	uncommon	Creature – Drake 	56	U	4UU	Flying, vigilanceNEWLINEWayfarer (If you’ve spent WUBRG this turn, discover L’Or.)NEWLINEWatchful Ashwing has ward 4 as long as you’ve discovered L’Or.	4/4		normal	GSS		WU:NEWLINE - five or more artifactsNEWLINE - metalcraftNEWLINEUB:NEWLINE - even MV onlyNEWLINE - ZombiesNEWLINEGU:NEWLINE - five or more alternate costsNEWLINE - fathomNEWLINEUR:NEWLINE - all fliersNEWLINE - drakes/dragons\nWaveshaping	U	uncommon	Instant	57	U	3U	As long as you control an Island, you may tap four untapped creatures and/or Vehicles you control rather than pay this spell’s mana cost.NEWLINEScry 2, then draw two cards.			normal	GSS		WU:NEWLINE - five or more artifactsNEWLINE - metalcraftNEWLINEUB:NEWLINE - even MV onlyNEWLINE - ZombiesNEWLINEGU:NEWLINE - five or more alternate costsNEWLINE - fathomNEWLINEUR:NEWLINE - all fliersNEWLINE - drakes/dragons\nPhantasmal Marauder	U	uncommon	Creature – Zombie Spirit Pirate 	44	U	3U	At the beginning of combat on your turn, another target Zombie you control gets +1/+1 and gain flying until end of turn.NEWLINEWhenever you sacrifice a token, scry 2.	1/4		normal	GSS		WU:NEWLINE - five or more artifactsNEWLINE - metalcraftNEWLINEUB:NEWLINE - even MV onlyNEWLINE - ZombiesNEWLINEGU:NEWLINE - five or more alternate costsNEWLINE - fathomNEWLINEUR:NEWLINE - all fliersNEWLINE - drakes/dragons\nThe Briny Depths Await	U	uncommon	Kindred Instant – Kraken Revelation 	33	U	1UU	Fathom 4UU (If you cast this by sacrificing a creature or Vehicle and paying the fathom cost reduced by that permanent’s mana value, put this onto the battlefield as a creature after it resolves or loses targets.)NEWLINECounter target spell.NEWLINEWhen The Briny Depths Await enters the battlefield, draw a card.	3/3		normal	GSS		WU:NEWLINE - five or more artifactsNEWLINE - metalcraftNEWLINEUB:NEWLINE - even MV onlyNEWLINE - ZombiesNEWLINEGU:NEWLINE - five or more alternate costsNEWLINE - fathomNEWLINEUR:NEWLINE - all fliersNEWLINE - drakes/dragons\nBlack Arts Admiral	B	uncommon	Creature – Zombie Pirate 	65	B	1B	Whenever Black Arts Admiral becomes tapped, mill two cards, then you may pay B and sacrifice another creature. When you do, return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.	2/2		normal	GSS		!uNEWLINENEWLINEUB:NEWLINE - even MV onlyNEWLINE - ZombiesNEWLINEBR:NEWLINE - Five cursesNEWLINE - CursesNEWLINEWB:NEWLINE - triggered abilitiesNEWLINE - flickerNEWLINEBG:NEWLINE - mana value 3 or greaterNEWLINE - graveyard (lands)\nRoots of All Evil	B	uncommon	Creature – Zombie Treefolk 	85	B	6BB	This spell costs 1 less to cast for each card type among cards in your graveyard.NEWLINEWhen Roots of All Evil enters the battlefield, draw two cards and you lose 2 life.	4/4		normal	GSS		UB:NEWLINE - even MV onlyNEWLINE - ZombiesNEWLINEBR:NEWLINE - Five cursesNEWLINE - CursesNEWLINEWB:NEWLINE - triggered abilitiesNEWLINE - flickerNEWLINEBG:NEWLINE - mana value 3 or greaterNEWLINE - graveyard (lands)\nFaceless Faction	B	uncommon	Creature – Zombie Pirate 	77	B	3B	Zombies you control get +1/+1.NEWLINEAt the beginning of your end step, if a nontoken creature died this turn, create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token with decayed. (It can’t block. When it attacks, sacrifice it at end of combat.)	3/3		normal	GSS		UB:NEWLINE - even MV onlyNEWLINE - ZombiesNEWLINEBR:NEWLINE - Five cursesNEWLINE - CursesNEWLINEWB:NEWLINE - triggered abilitiesNEWLINE - flickerNEWLINEBG:NEWLINE - mana value 3 or greaterNEWLINE - graveyard (lands)\nBarter in Blood	B	uncommon	Sorcery	63	B	2BB	Each player sacrifices two creatures.			normal	GSS		f!reprintNEWLINENEWLINEUB:NEWLINE - even MV onlyNEWLINE - ZombiesNEWLINEBR:NEWLINE - Five cursesNEWLINE - CursesNEWLINEWB:NEWLINE - triggered abilitiesNEWLINE - flickerNEWLINEBG:NEWLINE - mana value 3 or greaterNEWLINE - graveyard (lands)\nLight Fades to Despair	B	uncommon	Kindred Sorcery – Kraken Revelation 	81	B	2B	Fathom 5BB (If you cast this by sacrificing a creature or Vehicle and paying the fathom cost reduced by that permanent’s mana value, put this onto the battlefield as a creature after it resolves or loses targets.)NEWLINETarget opponent reveals their hand. You choose a nonland card from it. That player discards that card.	6/4		normal	GSS		UB:NEWLINE - even MV onlyNEWLINE - ZombiesNEWLINEBR:NEWLINE - Five cursesNEWLINE - CursesNEWLINEWB:NEWLINE - triggered abilitiesNEWLINE - flickerNEWLINEBG:NEWLINE - mana value 3 or greaterNEWLINE - graveyard (lands)\nCurse of the Blacksea	B	uncommon	Enchantment – Aura Curse 	72	B	1B	Enchant opponentNEWLINEWhenever Curse of the Blacksea enters the battlefield or you cast a spell that targets enchanted player, they lose 3 life unless they sacrifice a nonland permanent or discard a card.			normal	GSS		UB:NEWLINE - even MV onlyNEWLINE - ZombiesNEWLINEBR:NEWLINE - Five cursesNEWLINE - CursesNEWLINEWB:NEWLINE - triggered abilitiesNEWLINE - flickerNEWLINEBG:NEWLINE - mana value 3 or greaterNEWLINE - graveyard (lands)\nSabre-Happy Swashbuckler	R	uncommon	Creature – Human Pirate 	112	R	1R	Shipwright 1 (When this enters, put a +1/+1 counter on it or a Vehicle you control.)NEWLINECreatures you control with +1/+1 counters on them have agile. (They deal combat damage first as long as they’re attacking.)	1/1		normal	GSS		BR:NEWLINE - Five cursesNEWLINE - CursesNEWLINERG:NEWLINE - two of each land typeNEWLINE - wayfarer 5cNEWLINEUR:NEWLINE - all fliersNEWLINE - drakes/dragonsNEWLINERW:NEWLINE - MV 3 or lessNEWLINE - Shipwright\nGlyph Wyvern	R	uncommon	Creature – Dragon 	102	R	2R	FlyingNEWLINEWhenever Glyph Wyvern or another creature with flying enters the battlefield under your control, create a Treasure token.	1/3		normal	GSS		BR:NEWLINE - Five cursesNEWLINE - CursesNEWLINERG:NEWLINE - two of each land typeNEWLINE - wayfarer 5cNEWLINEUR:NEWLINE - all fliersNEWLINE - drakes/dragonsNEWLINERW:NEWLINE - MV 3 or lessNEWLINE - Shipwright\nPainted Dragon	R	uncommon	Creature – Dragon 	109	R	4R	Wayfarer (If you’ve spent WUBRG this turn, discover L’Or.)NEWLINEFlyingNEWLINEWhenever Painted Dragon becomes tapped, if you’ve discovered L’Or, you may discard your hand. If you do, draw three cards.	3/3		normal	GSS		BR:NEWLINE - Five cursesNEWLINE - CursesNEWLINERG:NEWLINE - two of each land typeNEWLINE - wayfarer 5cNEWLINEUR:NEWLINE - all fliersNEWLINE - drakes/dragonsNEWLINERW:NEWLINE - MV 3 or lessNEWLINE - Shipwright\nKeelhaul	R	uncommon	Instant	106	R	1R	Target Vehicle creature you control deals damage equal to its power to any target. If a creature or planeswalker dealt damage this way would die this turn, exile it instead.			normal	GSS		f!reprintNEWLINENEWLINEBR:NEWLINE - Five cursesNEWLINE - CursesNEWLINERG:NEWLINE - two of each land typeNEWLINE - wayfarer 5cNEWLINEUR:NEWLINE - all fliersNEWLINE - drakes/dragonsNEWLINERW:NEWLINE - MV 3 or lessNEWLINE - Shipwright\nCurse of Marked Charts	R	uncommon	Enchantment – Aura Curse 	95	R	2R	Enchant opponentNEWLINEWhenever you cast a spell that targets enchanted player, exile the top card of your library. You may play that card until you exile another card with Curse of Marked Charts.			normal	GSS		!uNEWLINENEWLINEBR:NEWLINE - Five cursesNEWLINE - CursesNEWLINERG:NEWLINE - two of each land typeNEWLINE - wayfarer 5cNEWLINEUR:NEWLINE - all fliersNEWLINE - drakes/dragonsNEWLINERW:NEWLINE - MV 3 or lessNEWLINE - Shipwright\nBasalt Spray	R	uncommon	Instant	90	R	R	Wayfarer (If you’ve spent WUBRG this turn, discover L’Or.)NEWLINEBasalt Spray deals 2 damage to target creature or planeswalker. If you’ve discovered L’Or, Basalt Spray deals 5 damage to that permanent instead.			normal	GSS		BR:NEWLINE - Five cursesNEWLINE - CursesNEWLINERG:NEWLINE - two of each land typeNEWLINE - wayfarer 5cNEWLINEUR:NEWLINE - all fliersNEWLINE - drakes/dragonsNEWLINERW:NEWLINE - MV 3 or lessNEWLINE - Shipwright\nSoul of the Grove	G	uncommon	Creature – Treefolk 	141	G	2G	When Soul of the Grove enters the battlefield, mill three cards and you gain 3 life.NEWLINEWhen Soul of the Grove dies, create a 4/1 black and green Zombie Treefolk creature token.	1/4		normal	GSS		GW:NEWLINE - Odd MVsNEWLINE - +1/+1 countersNEWLINERG:NEWLINE - two of each land typeNEWLINE - wayfarer 5cNEWLINEGU:NEWLINE - five or more alternate costsNEWLINE - fathomNEWLINEBG:NEWLINE - mana value 3 or greaterNEWLINE - graveyard (lands)\nPolyp Architect	G	uncommon	Creature – Merfolk Pirate 	137	G	G	Shipwright 1 (When this enters, put a +1/+1 counter on it or a Vehicle you control.)NEWLINEIf damage would be dealt to a creature you control during your turn, you may remove a +1/+1 counter from that creature to prevent that damage.	0/1		normal	GSS		GW:NEWLINE - Odd MVsNEWLINE - +1/+1 countersNEWLINERG:NEWLINE - two of each land typeNEWLINE - wayfarer 5cNEWLINEGU:NEWLINE - five or more alternate costsNEWLINE - fathomNEWLINEBG:NEWLINE - mana value 3 or greaterNEWLINE - graveyard (lands)\nChart the Lost Lands	G	uncommon	Instant	123	G	2G	Sacrifice a land. Search your library for up to two Forest cards, put them onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	GSS		GW:NEWLINE - Odd MVsNEWLINE - +1/+1 countersNEWLINERG:NEWLINE - two of each land typeNEWLINE - wayfarer 5cNEWLINEGU:NEWLINE - five or more alternate costsNEWLINE - fathomNEWLINEBG:NEWLINE - mana value 3 or greaterNEWLINE - graveyard (lands)\nThe Roil Stakes Its Claim	G	uncommon	Kindred Sorcery – Kraken Revelation 	139	G	3G	Fathom 5GG (If you cast this by sacrificing a creature or Vehicle and paying the fathom cost reduced by that permanent’s mana value, put this onto the battlefield as a creature after it resolves or loses targets.)NEWLINEDestroy target artifact, enchantment, planeswalker, or nonbasic land.	4/4		normal	GSS		GW:NEWLINE - Odd MVsNEWLINE - +1/+1 countersNEWLINERG:NEWLINE - two of each land typeNEWLINE - wayfarer 5cNEWLINEGU:NEWLINE - five or more alternate costsNEWLINE - fathomNEWLINEBG:NEWLINE - mana value 3 or greaterNEWLINE - graveyard (lands)\nGreensea Amity	G	uncommon	Enchantment	129	G	4G	You may pay 1G rather than pay this spell’s mana cost. If you do, sacrifice it when it enters the battlefield.NEWLINEWhen Greensea Amity enters the battlefield, create a 0/1 green Kelp creature token with “T: Add G.”NEWLINEUntap all permanents you control during each other player’s untap step.			normal	GSS		GW:NEWLINE - Odd MVsNEWLINE - +1/+1 countersNEWLINERG:NEWLINE - two of each land typeNEWLINE - wayfarer 5cNEWLINEGU:NEWLINE - five or more alternate costsNEWLINE - fathomNEWLINEBG:NEWLINE - mana value 3 or greaterNEWLINE - graveyard (lands)\nWithstand the Torrent	G	uncommon	Sorcery	146	G	4G	Wayfarer (If you’ve spent WUBRG this turn, discover L’Or.)NEWLINEYou gain 8 life. Return target permanent card from your graveyard to your hand. If you’ve discovered L’Or, you may put that card onto the battlefield instead.			normal	GSS		GW:NEWLINE - Odd MVsNEWLINE - +1/+1 countersNEWLINERG:NEWLINE - two of each land typeNEWLINE - wayfarer 5cNEWLINEGU:NEWLINE - five or more alternate costsNEWLINE - fathomNEWLINEBG:NEWLINE - mana value 3 or greaterNEWLINE - graveyard (lands)\nCaptain Holly Dee	WU	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Human Pirate 	160	WU	2WU	First mate – Your starting deck contains “Suitor of the Wind” and at least eight other artifacts. (If this card outside the game is your chosen first mate, you may swap it with a card in your opening hand.)NEWLINEWhenever Captain Holly Dee becomes tapped, target creature or Vehicle you control gains flying until end of turn.	1/5		normal	GSS		\nRunic Visionary	WU	uncommon	Creature – Dwarf Artificer 	188	WU	WU	When Runic Visionary enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a card named Prophetic Prism and/or a card named Seer’s Lantern, reveal them, put them into your hand, then shuffle.NEWLINERunic Visionary gets +2/+1 as long as you control three or more artifacts.	1/2		normal	GSS		\nBattle for Verity Bay	WU	uncommon	Battle – Conquest 	157	WU	1WU	(As a Conquest enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When it’s defeated, put it onto the battlefield transformed.)NEWLINEWhen Battle for Verity Bay enters the battlefield, you may exile target nonland permanent an opponent controls. For as long as that card remains exiled, its owner may pay 2 to put it into their hand.			double faced	GSS	4	Discovery Point		Land	WU		T: Add W or U.NEWLINE2, T: Create a Clue token. (It’s an artifact with “2, Sacrifice this: Draw a card.”)				\nCaptain Darwin Smythe	UB	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Zombie Pirate 	159	UB	1UB	First mate – Your starting deck contains “The Foul Omen” and no nonlegendary cards with odd mana value. (If this card outside the game is your chosen first mate, you may swap it with a card in your opening hand.)NEWLINETap three untapped Zombies you control: Draw a card. You lose 1 life.	3/2		normal	GSS		\nTouch of the Omen	UB	uncommon	Sorcery	197	UB	2UB	Gain control of target creature. Put a decayed counter on it. (It can’t block. When it attacks, sacrifice it at end of combat.)			normal	GSS		\nBattle for Ivos Isle	UB	uncommon	Battle – Conquest 	152	UB	UB	(As a Conquest enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When it’s defeated, put it onto the battlefield transformed.)NEWLINEWhen Battle for Ivos Isle enters the battlefield, put a decayed counter on target creature an opponent controls with mana value 3 or less. (It can’t block. When it attacks, sacrifice it at end of combat.)			double faced	GSS	4	Pendulum Docks		Land	UB		T: Add U or B.NEWLINE2UB, T: Exile target creature card in a graveyard. When you do, create a token that’s a copy of that creature except it’s a black Zombie in addition to its other colors and types and it has decayed. Activate only as a sorcery.				\nCommodore Egan Bristol	BR	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Zombie Pirate 	165	BR	1BR	First mate – Your starting deck contains “Despair’s Emissary” and at least eight cards that could target a player. (If this card outside the game is your chosen first mate, you may swap it with a card in your opening hand.)NEWLINEWhenever you cast a spell that targets an opponent, target creature you control gets +2/+0 and gains menace until end of turn.	2/3		normal	GSS		!u\nCurse of the Hunted	BR	uncommon	Enchantment – Aura Curse 	170	BR	3BR	Enchant opponentNEWLINEAt the beginning of combat on your turn, create X 2/2 black Zombie creature tokens with decayed, where X is the number of Auras attached to enchanted player. Those tokens gain haste and attack this combat if able. (A creature with decayed can’t block. When it attacks, sacrifice it at end of combat.)			normal	GSS		\nBattle for Blacksea	BR	uncommon	Battle – Conquest 	148	BR	BR	(As a Conquest enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When it’s defeated, put it onto the battlefield transformed.)NEWLINEWhen Battle for Blacksea enters the battlefield, copy the next spell you cast this turn that targets an opponent when you cast it.			double faced	GSS	4	Carnage Rock		Land	BR		T: Add B or R. When that mana is spent to cast a spell that targets an opponent, they lose 3 life unless they discard a card or sacrifice a nonland permanent.				!u\nCaptain Rosie Wright	RG	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Human Pirate 	162	RG	1RG	First mate – Your starting deck contains “Shining Horizon” and two lands of each basic land type. (If this card outside the game is your chosen first mate, you may swap it with a card in your opening hand.)NEWLINEWhenever Captain Rosie Wright becomes tapped, you may sacrifice a Mountain or Forest. If you do, put a +1/+1 counter on Captain Rosie Wright, then search your library for a land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.	2/2		normal	GSS		\nSunscale Drake	RG	uncommon	Creature – Drake Leviathan 	196	RG	3RG	Wayfarer (If you’ve spent WUBRG this turn, discover L’Or.)NEWLINE5: Until end of turn, Sunscale Drake gets +1/+1 and gains your choice of agile, lure, or challenge. If you’ve discovered L’Or, it gains all three instead. (A creature with agile deals combat damage first as long as it’s attacking. A creature with lure must be blocked if able. A creature with challenge can’t be blocked by more than one creature.)	4/4		normal	GSS		!u\nBattle for Highspire	RG	uncommon	Battle – Conquest 	151	RG	RG	(As a Conquest enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When it’s defeated, put it onto the battlefield transformed.)NEWLINEWhen Battle for Highspire enters the battlefield, exile the top three cards of your library. You may play one of them this turn, andNEWLINEyou may play an additional land this turn.			double faced	GSS	4	Skypiercer		Land	RG		T: Add R or G. When that mana is spent to cast a spell, reveal cards from the top of your library until you reveal a card that costs less. If it’s a land, put it onto the battlefield tapped. Otherwise, you may cast it without paying its mana cost.				\nThe Dieu-de-Fer Twins	WG	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Human Pirate 	171	WG	GW	First mate – Your starting deck contains “Frere et Soeur” and no nonlegendary nonland cards with even mana value. (If this card outside the game is your chosen first mate, you may swap it with a card in your opening hand.)NEWLINECreatures you control with +1/+1 counters on them have challenge. (They can’t be blocked by more than one creature.)	2/3		normal	GSS		\nFamiliar's Guile	WG	uncommon	Enchantment	173	WG	1GW	When Familiar’s Guile enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 white Bird creature token with flying.NEWLINEWhenever you attack, put a +1/+1 counter on target attacking creature or Vehicle.			normal	GSS		\nBattle for Fort Alderosa	WG	uncommon	Battle – Conquest 	150	WG	3GW	(As a Conquest enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When it’s defeated, put it onto the battlefield transformed.)NEWLINEWhen Battle for Fort Alderosa enters the battlefield, distribute four +1/+1 counters among any number of target creatures and/or Vehicles you control, then permanents you control with +1/+1 counters on them gain vigilance until end of turn.			double faced	GSS	4	Hackett's Keep		Land	WG		T: Add G or W.NEWLINEGW, T: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature or Vehicle you control. All creatures able to block it this turn do so. Activate only as a sorcery.				\nOlavan of the Silversea	WB	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Merfolk Pirate 	183	WB	2WB	First mate – Your starting deck contains “The Ashen Cross” and each nonland, nonlegendary permanent card in your starting deck has a triggered ability. (If this card outside the game is your chosen first mate, you may swap it with a card in your opening hand.)NEWLINEWhenever Olavan crews a Vehicle, that Vehicle gains deathtouch and lifelink until end of turn.	3/3		normal	GSS		\nSpectral Scalawag	WB	uncommon	Creature – Zombie Spirit Pirate 	193	WB	WB	When Spectral Scalawag enters the battlefield, target opponent loses 2 life and you gain 2 life.NEWLINEWhen Spectral Scalawag leaves the battlefield, reveal the top card of your library and put it into your hand. You lose life equal to its mana value.	1/1		normal	GSS		\nBattle for the Stillshroud	WB	uncommon	Battle – Conquest 	156	WB	2WB	(As a Conquest enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When it’s defeated, put it onto the battlefield transformed.)NEWLINEWhen Battle for the Stillshroud enters the battlefield, it deals 3 damage to target creature, player, or planeswalker and you gainNEWLINE3 life.			double faced	GSS	4	Impaled Ruins		Land	WB		T: Add W or B.NEWLINE3WB: Until end of turn, Impaled Ruins becomes a 3/5 white and black Elemental creature with lifelink. It’s still a land.				\nRunix of the Blacksea	BG	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Merfolk Pirate 	189	BG	BG	First mate – Your starting deck contains “The Abyssal Pilgrim” and no nonlegendary, nonland cards with mana value 2 or less. (If this card outside the game is your chosen first mate, you may swap it with a card in your opening hand.)NEWLINEWhen Runix enters the battlefield, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.NEWLINEBG, Exile two cards that don’t share a type from your graveyard: Return Runix from your graveyard to the battlefield. They can’t block this turn.	1/3		normal	GSS		!u\nColossal Mossjaw	BG	uncommon	Creature – Treefolk Crocodile 	164	BG	1BG	Whenever Colossal Mossjaw becomes tapped, look at the top two cards of your library. Put any number of them into your graveyard and the rest back on top in any order.NEWLINE8BG: Destroy target permanent. This ability costs 1 less to activate for each card type among cards in your graveyard. Activate only once.	3/3		normal	GSS		!u\nBattle for Merida Keys	BG	uncommon	Battle – Conquest 	153	BG	2BG	(As a Conquest enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When it’s defeated, put it onto the battlefield transformed.)NEWLINEWhen Battle for Merida Keys enters the battlefield, return up to one target noncreature permanent card from your graveyard to the battlefield, then return up to one target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.			double faced	GSS	4	Gnarled Roots of Arbre-Mere		Land	BG		T: Add B or G.NEWLINE6, T: Create a 4/1 black and green Zombie Treefolk creature token. It can’t block this turn. This ability costs 1 less to activate for each card type among cards in your graveyard.				!u\nLanne of the Greensea	UG	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Merfolk Pirate 	181	UG	GU	First mate – Your starting deck contains “Seaskipper” and at least eight cards with an alternate cost. (If this card outside the game is your chosen first mate, you may swap it with a card in your opening hand.)NEWLINEAt the beginning of your end step, if you don’t control a 0/1 green Kelp creature token with “T: Add G,” create one.	2/2		normal	GSS		\nGlimpse Worlds Within Worlds	UG	uncommon	Kindred Sorcery – Kraken Revelation 	176	UG	1GU	Fathom 5GU (If you cast this by sacrificing a creature or Vehicle and paying the fathom cost reduced by that permanent’s mana value, put this onto the battlefield as a creature after it resolves or loses targets.)NEWLINELook at the top five cards of your library. You may reveal a land card and a nonland card from among them. Put the land card onto the battlefield tapped, the nonland card into your hand, and the rest on the bottom in any order.	5/4		normal	GSS		\nBattle for Tempest Reach	UG	uncommon	Battle – Conquest 	155	UG	2GU	(As a Conquest enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When it’s defeated, put it onto the battlefield transformed.)NEWLINEWhen Battle for Tempest Reach enters the battlefield, return target nonland permanent an opponent controls to its owner’s hand, then return target Kraken card from your graveyard to your hand.			double faced	GSS	4	Eye of the Kraken		Land	UG		T: Add G or U. When that mana is spent to cast a spell with mana value 3 or less, copy that spell. You may choose new targets for the copy. (A copy of a permanent spell enters as a token.)				\nCaptain Polly Carver	UR	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Human Pirate 	161	UR	1UR	First mate – Your starting deck contains “The Scarlet Scourge” and no nonlegendary creature cards without flying. (If this card outside the game is your chosen first mate, you may swap it with a card in your opening hand.)NEWLINEWhenever a Dragon or Drake you control deals damage to an opponent, exile the top card of your library, then you may have Captain Polly Carver deal 1 damage to that player. If you don’t, you may play that card from exile this turn.	2/4		normal	GSS		\nShrieking Seakite	UR	uncommon	Creature – Dragon 	191	UR	2UR	FlyingNEWLINEWhenever an opponent casts a spell or activates an ability that targets a Dragon or Drake you control, Shrieking Seakite deals 3 damage to that player.	3/3		normal	GSS		\nBattle for Charred Atoll	UR	uncommon	Battle – Conquest 	149	UR	1UR	(As a Conquest enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When it’s defeated, put it onto the battlefield transformed.)NEWLINEWhen Battle for Charred Atoll enters the battlefield,NEWLINEcreate a 2/2 blue Drake creature token with flying.			double faced	GSS	4	Volcanic Roost		Land	UR		T: Add U or R.NEWLINE2UR, T: Until end of turn, attacking creatures you control get +1/+0 and gain “Whenever this creature deals combat damage to an opponent, draw a card.”				\nAdmiral Everett Cross	WR	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Human Pirate 	147	WR	2RW	First mate – Your starting deck contains “The Huntress” and no nonlegendary cards with mana value 4 or greater. (If this card outside the game is your chosen first mate, you may swap it with a card in your opening hand.)NEWLINEWhenever Admiral Everett Cross crews a Vehicle, that Vehicle gains double strike until end of turn.	4/4		normal	GSS		\nForecastle Bosun	WR	uncommon	Creature – Dwarf Pirate 	174	WR	RW	Shipwright 2 (When this enters, put two +1/+1 counters on it or a Vehicle you control.)NEWLINEWhenever Forecastle Bosun becomes tapped, target creature or Vehicle you control gains trample until end of turn.	0/1		normal	GSS		\nBattle for Port Plenty	WR	uncommon	Battle – Conquest 	154	WR	1RW	(As a Conquest enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When it’s defeated, put it onto the battlefield transformed.)NEWLINEWhen Battle for Port Plenty enters the battlefield, createNEWLINEa 4/4 colorless Vehicle artifact token with crew 1.			double faced	GSS	4	Red Wind Harbor		Land	WR		T: Add R or W.NEWLINET: Target Vehicle you control becomes an artifact creature until end of turn. It gains haste until end of turn.				\nEverfelle Gates		uncommon	Artifact Creature – Wall 	203	C	3	DefenderNEWLINE1, T: Target creature or Vehicle can’t attack or block this turn.	0/4		normal	GSS		\nThunderball Mortars		uncommon	Artifact – Equipment 	208	C	1	Equipped creature gets +2/+0 and has trample.NEWLINEEquip 4NEWLINEEquip Vehicle 2 (2: Attach to target Vehicle you control. This doesn’t unattach while that Vehicle isn’t a creature. Equip only as a sorcery.)			normal	GSS		\nTreasure Cove		uncommon	Land	218	C		T: Add C.NEWLINET: Add one mana of any type an artifact you control could produce.			normal	GSS		Treasure Island\nSeacraft Registrar	W	common	Creature – Human Advisor 	27	W	W	DefenderNEWLINEShipwright 1 (When this enters, put a +1/+1 counter on it or a Vehicle you control.)	2/1		normal	GSS		WU:NEWLINE - Five or more artifactsNEWLINE - MetalcraftNEWLINEGW:NEWLINE - Odd MVsNEWLINE - +1/+1 countersNEWLINEWB:NEWLINE - triggered abilitiesNEWLINE - flickerNEWLINERW:NEWLINE - MV 3 or lessNEWLINE - Shipwright\nDockside Sleuth	W	common	Creature – Human Scout 	12	W	1W	When Dockside Sleuth enters the battlefield, create a Clue token. (It’s an artifact with “2, Sacrifice this: Draw a card.”)	2/2		normal	GSS		WU:NEWLINE - Five or more artifactsNEWLINE - MetalcraftNEWLINEGW:NEWLINE - Odd MVsNEWLINE - +1/+1 countersNEWLINEWB:NEWLINE - triggered abilitiesNEWLINE - flickerNEWLINERW:NEWLINE - MV 3 or lessNEWLINE - Shipwright\nElixir Provisioner	W	common	Creature – Human Citizen 	13	W	1W	When Elixir Provisioner enters the battlefield, you gain 3 life.NEWLINE2, T, Sacrifice Elixir Provisioner: Return target artifact card from your graveyard to your hand.	2/1		normal	GSS		WU:NEWLINE - Five or more artifactsNEWLINE - MetalcraftNEWLINEGW:NEWLINE - Odd MVsNEWLINE - +1/+1 countersNEWLINEWB:NEWLINE - triggered abilitiesNEWLINE - flickerNEWLINERW:NEWLINE - MV 3 or lessNEWLINE - Shipwright\nBluecoat Adept	W	common	Creature – Human Pirate 	7	W	W	Bluecoat Adept crews Vehicles as though its power were 2 greater.	1/2		normal	GSS		WU:NEWLINE - Five or more artifactsNEWLINE - MetalcraftNEWLINEGW:NEWLINE - Odd MVsNEWLINE - +1/+1 countersNEWLINEWB:NEWLINE - triggered abilitiesNEWLINE - flickerNEWLINERW:NEWLINE - MV 3 or lessNEWLINE - Shipwright\nPlucky Crewmate	W	common	Creature – Human Pirate 	22	W	2W	Shipwright 1 (When this enters, put a +1/+1 counter on it or a Vehicle you control.)NEWLINECreatures you control with +1/+1 counters on them have vigilance.	2/2		normal	GSS		WU:NEWLINE - Five or more artifactsNEWLINE - MetalcraftNEWLINEGW:NEWLINE - Odd MVsNEWLINE - +1/+1 countersNEWLINEWB:NEWLINE - triggered abilitiesNEWLINE - flickerNEWLINERW:NEWLINE - MV 3 or lessNEWLINE - Shipwright\nFaithful Seasteed	W	common	Creature – Fish Horse 	14	W	2W	When Faithful Seasteed enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a card named Faithful Seasteed, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.	3/1		normal	GSS		WU:NEWLINE - Five or more artifactsNEWLINE - MetalcraftNEWLINEGW:NEWLINE - Odd MVsNEWLINE - +1/+1 countersNEWLINEWB:NEWLINE - triggered abilitiesNEWLINE - flickerNEWLINERW:NEWLINE - MV 3 or lessNEWLINE - Shipwright\nParrot Peddler	W	common	Creature – Human Pirate 	20	W	2W	When Parrot Peddler enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 white Bird creature token with flying.	1/3		normal	GSS		WU:NEWLINE - Five or more artifactsNEWLINE - MetalcraftNEWLINEGW:NEWLINE - Odd MVsNEWLINE - +1/+1 countersNEWLINEWB:NEWLINE - triggered abilitiesNEWLINE - flickerNEWLINERW:NEWLINE - MV 3 or lessNEWLINE - Shipwright\nRainbow Tern	W	common	Creature – Bird 	24	W	3W	FlyingNEWLINEWhenever Rainbow Tern becomes tapped, you gain 2 life.	2/3		normal	GSS		WU:NEWLINE - Five or more artifactsNEWLINE - MetalcraftNEWLINEGW:NEWLINE - Odd MVsNEWLINE - +1/+1 countersNEWLINEWB:NEWLINE - triggered abilitiesNEWLINE - flickerNEWLINERW:NEWLINE - MV 3 or lessNEWLINE - Shipwright\nPort Rose Lieutenant	W	common	Creature – Human Pirate 	23	W	4W	When Port Rose Lieutenant enters the battlefield, exile target creature or Vehicle an opponent controls until Port Rose Lieutenant leaves the battlefield.NEWLINEPort Rose Lieutenant has ward 3 as long as you control three or more artifacts.	2/4		normal	GSS		WU:NEWLINE - Five or more artifactsNEWLINE - MetalcraftNEWLINEGW:NEWLINE - Odd MVsNEWLINE - +1/+1 countersNEWLINEWB:NEWLINE - triggered abilitiesNEWLINE - flickerNEWLINERW:NEWLINE - MV 3 or lessNEWLINE - Shipwright\nChitinous Commander	W	common	Creature – Merfolk Warrior 	8	W	4W	Shipwright 1 (When this enters, put a +1/+1 counter on it or a Vehicle you control.)NEWLINEWhenever Chitinous Commander becomes tapped during your turn, tap target creature or Vehicle an opponent controls.	3/3		normal	GSS		WU:NEWLINE - Five or more artifactsNEWLINE - MetalcraftNEWLINEGW:NEWLINE - Odd MVsNEWLINE - +1/+1 countersNEWLINEWB:NEWLINE - triggered abilitiesNEWLINE - flickerNEWLINERW:NEWLINE - MV 3 or lessNEWLINE - Shipwright\nMercantile Negotiations	W	common	Instant	19	W	W	Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. Create a Clue token. (It’s an artifact with “2, Sacrifice this: Draw a card.”)			normal	GSS		WU:NEWLINE - Five or more artifactsNEWLINE - MetalcraftNEWLINEGW:NEWLINE - Odd MVsNEWLINE - +1/+1 countersNEWLINEWB:NEWLINE - triggered abilitiesNEWLINE - flickerNEWLINERW:NEWLINE - MV 3 or lessNEWLINE - Shipwright\nSurging Current	W	common	Instant	28	W	W	Surging Current deals 2 damage to target tapped creature. If it’s a Vehicle, Surging Current deals 4 damage instead.			normal	GSS		WU:NEWLINE - Five or more artifactsNEWLINE - MetalcraftNEWLINEGW:NEWLINE - Odd MVsNEWLINE - +1/+1 countersNEWLINEWB:NEWLINE - triggered abilitiesNEWLINE - flickerNEWLINERW:NEWLINE - MV 3 or lessNEWLINE - Shipwright\nRevoke Privileges	W	common	Enchantment – Aura 	25	W	2W	Enchant creatureNEWLINEEnchanted creature can’t attack, block, or crew Vehicles.			normal	GSS		WU:NEWLINE - Five or more artifactsNEWLINE - MetalcraftNEWLINEGW:NEWLINE - Odd MVsNEWLINE - +1/+1 countersNEWLINEWB:NEWLINE - triggered abilitiesNEWLINE - flickerNEWLINERW:NEWLINE - MV 3 or lessNEWLINE - Shipwright\nSailor's Sendoff	W	common	Instant	26	W	2W	Exile up to one target creature or Vehicle you control and up to one target creature or Vehicle an opponent controls. Return those cards to the battlefield under their owner’s control at the beginning of the next end step.NEWLINEDraw a card.			normal	GSS		WU:NEWLINE - Five or more artifactsNEWLINE - MetalcraftNEWLINEGW:NEWLINE - Odd MVsNEWLINE - +1/+1 countersNEWLINEWB:NEWLINE - triggered abilitiesNEWLINE - flickerNEWLINERW:NEWLINE - MV 3 or lessNEWLINE - Shipwright\nRagged Rapscallion	U	common	Creature – Zombie Pirate 	46	U	1U	Whenever Ragged Rapscallion becomes tapped during your turn, target creature or Vehicle an opponent controls gets -2/-0 until end of turn.	2/1		normal	GSS		WU:NEWLINE - five or more artifactsNEWLINE - metalcraftNEWLINEUB:NEWLINE - even MV onlyNEWLINE - ZombiesNEWLINEGU:NEWLINE - five or more alternate costsNEWLINE - fathomNEWLINEUR:NEWLINE - all fliersNEWLINE - drakes/dragons\nRecon Drake	U	common	Creature – Drake 	48	U	1U	FlashNEWLINEFlyingNEWLINEWhen Recon Drake dies, draw a card.	1/1		normal	GSS		WU:NEWLINE - five or more artifactsNEWLINE - metalcraftNEWLINEUB:NEWLINE - even MV onlyNEWLINE - ZombiesNEWLINEGU:NEWLINE - five or more alternate costsNEWLINE - fathomNEWLINEUR:NEWLINE - all fliersNEWLINE - drakes/dragons\nSigiled Spotter	U	common	Creature – Human Pirate 	52	U	2U	Whenever Sigiled Spotter attacks, create a Clue token. (It’s an artifact with “2, Sacrifice this: Draw a card.”)	3/2		normal	GSS		WU:NEWLINE - five or more artifactsNEWLINE - metalcraftNEWLINEUB:NEWLINE - even MV onlyNEWLINE - ZombiesNEWLINEGU:NEWLINE - five or more alternate costsNEWLINE - fathomNEWLINEUR:NEWLINE - all fliersNEWLINE - drakes/dragons\nGilded Lapwing	U	common	Creature – Drake 	39	U	2U	Wayfarer (If you’ve spent WUBRG this turn, discover L’Or.)NEWLINEFlyingNEWLINEWhenever Gilded Lapwing becomes tapped, scry 1. If you’ve discovered L’Or, scry 2 instead.	1/4		normal	GSS		WU:NEWLINE - five or more artifactsNEWLINE - metalcraftNEWLINEUB:NEWLINE - even MV onlyNEWLINE - ZombiesNEWLINEGU:NEWLINE - five or more alternate costsNEWLINE - fathomNEWLINEUR:NEWLINE - all fliersNEWLINE - drakes/dragons\nHarbor Trawler	U	common	Creature – Zombie Merfolk 	40	U	3U	When Harbor Trawler enters the battlefield, you may tap two other untapped artifacts and/or creatures you control. When you do, return target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard to your hand.	3/4		normal	GSS		WU:NEWLINE - five or more artifactsNEWLINE - metalcraftNEWLINEUB:NEWLINE - even MV onlyNEWLINE - ZombiesNEWLINEGU:NEWLINE - five or more alternate costsNEWLINE - fathomNEWLINEUR:NEWLINE - all fliersNEWLINE - drakes/dragons\nRuin Cove Scavenger	U	common	Creature – Zombie Drake 	50	U	3U	You may pay 1U and exile a creature or Vehicle card from your graveyard rather than pay this spell’s mana cost.NEWLINEFlying	3/2		normal	GSS		WU:NEWLINE - five or more artifactsNEWLINE - metalcraftNEWLINEUB:NEWLINE - even MV onlyNEWLINE - ZombiesNEWLINEGU:NEWLINE - five or more alternate costsNEWLINE - fathomNEWLINEUR:NEWLINE - all fliersNEWLINE - drakes/dragons\nSecrets Shimmer Like Silver	U	common	Kindred Sorcery – Kraken Revelation 	51	U	1U	Fathom 4UU (If you cast this by sacrificing a creature or Vehicle and paying the fathom cost reduced by that permanent’s mana value, put this onto the battlefield as a creature after it resolves or loses targets.)NEWLINELook at the top three cards of your library. Put one into your hand and the rest on the bottom in any order.	5/5		normal	GSS		WU:NEWLINE - five or more artifactsNEWLINE - metalcraftNEWLINEUB:NEWLINE - even MV onlyNEWLINE - ZombiesNEWLINEGU:NEWLINE - five or more alternate costsNEWLINE - fathomNEWLINEUR:NEWLINE - all fliersNEWLINE - drakes/dragons\nFang Fleet Mandate	U	common	Instant	38	U	1U	Counter target spell unless its controller pays 2. If you control three or more artifacts, counter that spell unless its controller pays 4 instead.			normal	GSS		WU:NEWLINE - five or more artifactsNEWLINE - metalcraftNEWLINEUB:NEWLINE - even MV onlyNEWLINE - ZombiesNEWLINEGU:NEWLINE - five or more alternate costsNEWLINE - fathomNEWLINEUR:NEWLINE - all fliersNEWLINE - drakes/dragons\nNecrotic Shawl	U	common	Instant	41	U	1U	Target creature gets +1/+1 and gains hexproof until end of turn.NEWLINECreate a 2/2 black Zombie creature token with decayed. (It can’t block. When it attacks, sacrifice it at end of combat.)			normal	GSS		WU:NEWLINE - five or more artifactsNEWLINE - metalcraftNEWLINEUB:NEWLINE - even MV onlyNEWLINE - ZombiesNEWLINEGU:NEWLINE - five or more alternate costsNEWLINE - fathomNEWLINEUR:NEWLINE - all fliersNEWLINE - drakes/dragons\nWhale of a Tale	U	common	Instant	58	U	2U	Counter target permanent spell.			normal	GSS		WU:NEWLINE - five or more artifactsNEWLINE - metalcraftNEWLINEUB:NEWLINE - even MV onlyNEWLINE - ZombiesNEWLINEGU:NEWLINE - five or more alternate costsNEWLINE - fathomNEWLINEUR:NEWLINE - all fliersNEWLINE - drakes/dragons\nOne With the Great Beyond	U	common	Kindred Sorcery – Kraken Revelation 	42	U	U	Fathom 3UU (If you cast this by sacrificing a creature or Vehicle and paying the fathom cost reduced by that permanent’s mana value, put this onto the battlefield as a creature after it resolves or loses targets.)NEWLINEReturn target nonland permanent to its owner’s hand.NEWLINEMenace	3/2		normal	GSS		WU:NEWLINE - five or more artifactsNEWLINE - metalcraftNEWLINEUB:NEWLINE - even MV onlyNEWLINE - ZombiesNEWLINEGU:NEWLINE - five or more alternate costsNEWLINE - fathomNEWLINEUR:NEWLINE - all fliersNEWLINE - drakes/dragons\nRise of the Blacksea Moon	U	common	Sorcery	49	U	3U	Tap up to two target creatures and/or Vehicles. They don’t untap during their controller’s next untap step.NEWLINECreate two 2/2 black Zombie creature tokens with decayed. (It can’t block. When it attacks, sacrifice it at end of combat.)			normal	GSS		WU:NEWLINE - five or more artifactsNEWLINE - metalcraftNEWLINEUB:NEWLINE - even MV onlyNEWLINE - ZombiesNEWLINEGU:NEWLINE - five or more alternate costsNEWLINE - fathomNEWLINEUR:NEWLINE - all fliersNEWLINE - drakes/dragons\nThrow Overboard	U	common	Sorcery	55	U	3U	You may pay U and tap any number of untapped creatures you control with total power 3 or greater rather than pay this spell’s cost.NEWLINEPut target creature into its owner’s library third from the top.			normal	GSS		WU:NEWLINE - five or more artifactsNEWLINE - metalcraftNEWLINEUB:NEWLINE - even MV onlyNEWLINE - ZombiesNEWLINEGU:NEWLINE - five or more alternate costsNEWLINE - fathomNEWLINEUR:NEWLINE - all fliersNEWLINE - drakes/dragons\nStructural Damage	U	common	Enchantment – Aura 	54	U	1U	Enchant artifact or creatureNEWLINEEnchanted permanent doesn’t untap during its controller’s untap step and its activated abilities can’t be activated.			normal	GSS		WU:NEWLINE - five or more artifactsNEWLINE - metalcraftNEWLINEUB:NEWLINE - even MV onlyNEWLINE - ZombiesNEWLINEGU:NEWLINE - five or more alternate costsNEWLINE - fathomNEWLINEUR:NEWLINE - all fliersNEWLINE - drakes/dragons\nRelentless Remains	B	common	Creature – Zombie 	84	B	1B	4B: Return Relentless Remains from your graveyard to the battlefield tapped. This ability costs 1 less to activate for each Curse you control.	2/1		normal	GSS		UB:NEWLINE - even MV onlyNEWLINE - ZombiesNEWLINEBR:NEWLINE - Five cursesNEWLINE - CursesNEWLINEWB:NEWLINE - triggered abilitiesNEWLINE - flickerNEWLINEBG:NEWLINE - mana value 3 or greaterNEWLINE - graveyard (lands)\nCrain's Accursed	B	common	Creature – Human Pirate 	69	B	1B	When Crain’s Accursed dies, create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token with decayed. (It can’t block. When it attacks, sacrifice it at end of combat.)	2/2		normal	GSS		!uNEWLINENEWLINEUB:NEWLINE - even MV onlyNEWLINE - ZombiesNEWLINEBR:NEWLINE - Five cursesNEWLINE - CursesNEWLINEWB:NEWLINE - triggered abilitiesNEWLINE - flickerNEWLINEBG:NEWLINE - mana value 3 or greaterNEWLINE - graveyard (lands)\nAbyssal Corrupter	B	common	Creature – Merfolk Warlock 	60	B	2B	When Abyssal Corrupter enters the battlefield, if you cast it, choose one –NEWLINE• Return to the battlefield target creature card in your graveyard that was put there from the battlefield this turn.NEWLINE• Destroy target creature that was dealt damage this turn.	1/2		normal	GSS		UB:NEWLINE - even MV onlyNEWLINE - ZombiesNEWLINEBR:NEWLINE - Five cursesNEWLINE - CursesNEWLINEWB:NEWLINE - triggered abilitiesNEWLINE - flickerNEWLINEBG:NEWLINE - mana value 3 or greaterNEWLINE - graveyard (lands)\nBlighted Arbor	B	common	Creature – Treefolk 	67	B	2B	12: Each opponent loses 3 life. This ability costs 1 less to activate for each card type among cards in your graveyard.	3/2		normal	GSS		UB:NEWLINE - even MV onlyNEWLINE - ZombiesNEWLINEBR:NEWLINE - Five cursesNEWLINE - CursesNEWLINEWB:NEWLINE - triggered abilitiesNEWLINE - flickerNEWLINEBG:NEWLINE - mana value 3 or greaterNEWLINE - graveyard (lands)\nUprooted Stalker	B	common	Creature – Zombie Treefolk 	87	B	3B	Whenever Uprooted Stalker becomes tapped, target creature or Vehicle you control gains menace until end of turn.	4/1		normal	GSS		UB:NEWLINE - even MV onlyNEWLINE - ZombiesNEWLINEBR:NEWLINE - Five cursesNEWLINE - CursesNEWLINEWB:NEWLINE - triggered abilitiesNEWLINE - flickerNEWLINEBG:NEWLINE - mana value 3 or greaterNEWLINE - graveyard (lands)\nDamned Helmsman	B	common	Creature – Zombie Pirate 	75	B	3B	When Damned Helmsman enters the battlefield, create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token with decayed. (It can’t block. When it attacks, sacrifice it at end of combat.)NEWLINE2B, Sacrifice a creature or Vehicle: Draw a card. You gain 1 life.	3/3		normal	GSS		UB:NEWLINE - even MV onlyNEWLINE - ZombiesNEWLINEBR:NEWLINE - Five cursesNEWLINE - CursesNEWLINEWB:NEWLINE - triggered abilitiesNEWLINE - flickerNEWLINEBG:NEWLINE - mana value 3 or greaterNEWLINE - graveyard (lands)\nGalleon Ravager	B	common	Creature – Zombie Griffin 	78	B	3B	Flying, deathtouchNEWLINEWhen Galleon Ravager enters the battlefield, mill three cards.	2/3		normal	GSS		!uNEWLINENEWLINEUB:NEWLINE - even MV onlyNEWLINE - ZombiesNEWLINEBR:NEWLINE - Five cursesNEWLINE - CursesNEWLINEWB:NEWLINE - triggered abilitiesNEWLINE - flickerNEWLINEBG:NEWLINE - mana value 3 or greaterNEWLINE - graveyard (lands)\nWrithing Abomination	B	common	Creature – Zombie Horror 	88	B	4BB	When Writhing Abomination enters the battlefield, return target creature card with mana value 4 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield with a decayed counter on it. (It can’t block. When it attacks, sacrifice it at end of combat.)	5/5		normal	GSS		UB:NEWLINE - even MV onlyNEWLINE - ZombiesNEWLINEBR:NEWLINE - Five cursesNEWLINE - CursesNEWLINEWB:NEWLINE - triggered abilitiesNEWLINE - flickerNEWLINEBG:NEWLINE - mana value 3 or greaterNEWLINE - graveyard (lands)\nIslander's Bounty	B	common	Instant	80	B	2B	Mill four cards, then you may return up to two creature and/or Vehicle cards from your graveyard to your hand.			normal	GSS		!uNEWLINENEWLINEUB:NEWLINE - even MV onlyNEWLINE - ZombiesNEWLINEBR:NEWLINE - Five cursesNEWLINE - CursesNEWLINEWB:NEWLINE - triggered abilitiesNEWLINE - flickerNEWLINEBG:NEWLINE - mana value 3 or greaterNEWLINE - graveyard (lands)\nMoment of Craving	B	common	Instant	83	B	1B	Target creature gets -2/-2 until end of turn. You gain 2 life.			normal	GSS		!uNEWLINENEWLINEUB:NEWLINE - even MV onlyNEWLINE - ZombiesNEWLINEBR:NEWLINE - Five cursesNEWLINE - CursesNEWLINEWB:NEWLINE - triggered abilitiesNEWLINE - flickerNEWLINEBG:NEWLINE - mana value 3 or greaterNEWLINE - graveyard (lands)\nA Soul Breaks Like a Wave	B	common	Kindred Sorcery – Kraken Revelation 	86	B	3B	Fathom 5BB (If you cast this by sacrificing a creature or Vehicle and paying the fathom cost reduced by that permanent’s mana value, put this onto the battlefield as a creature after it resolves or loses targets.)NEWLINETarget player discards two cards and loses 2 life.	4/4		normal	GSS		UB:NEWLINE - even MV onlyNEWLINE - ZombiesNEWLINEBR:NEWLINE - Five cursesNEWLINE - CursesNEWLINEWB:NEWLINE - triggered abilitiesNEWLINE - flickerNEWLINEBG:NEWLINE - mana value 3 or greaterNEWLINE - graveyard (lands)\nChurn to Chum	B	common	Instant	68	B	2BB	Destroy target creature. Create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token with decayed. (It can’t block. When it attacks, sacrifice it at end of combat.)			normal	GSS		UB:NEWLINE - even MV onlyNEWLINE - ZombiesNEWLINEBR:NEWLINE - Five cursesNEWLINE - CursesNEWLINEWB:NEWLINE - triggered abilitiesNEWLINE - flickerNEWLINEBG:NEWLINE - mana value 3 or greaterNEWLINE - graveyard (lands)\nCurse of Admonishment	B	common	Enchantment – Aura Curse 	70	B	2B	Enchant opponentNEWLINEAt the beginning of enchanted player’s upkeep, they lose 1 life and you gain 1 life.			normal	GSS		UB:NEWLINE - even MV onlyNEWLINE - ZombiesNEWLINEBR:NEWLINE - Five cursesNEWLINE - CursesNEWLINEWB:NEWLINE - triggered abilitiesNEWLINE - flickerNEWLINEBG:NEWLINE - mana value 3 or greaterNEWLINE - graveyard (lands)\nCurse of Fetid Remains	B	common	Enchantment – Aura Curse 	71	B	1B	Enchant opponentNEWLINEWhenever Curse of Fetid Remains enters the battlefield or you cast a spell that targets enchanted player, create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token with decayed. (It can’t block. When it attacks, sacrifice it at end of combat.)			normal	GSS		UB:NEWLINE - even MV onlyNEWLINE - ZombiesNEWLINEBR:NEWLINE - Five cursesNEWLINE - CursesNEWLINEWB:NEWLINE - triggered abilitiesNEWLINE - flickerNEWLINEBG:NEWLINE - mana value 3 or greaterNEWLINE - graveyard (lands)\nMottled Snapwing	R	common	Creature – Dragon 	107	R	R	Flying, hasteNEWLINEWhenever you cast a spell that targets an opponent, Mottled Snapwing gets +1/+0 until end of turn.	1/1		normal	GSS		BR:NEWLINE - Five cursesNEWLINE - CursesNEWLINERG:NEWLINE - two of each land typeNEWLINE - wayfarer 5cNEWLINEUR:NEWLINE - all fliersNEWLINE - drakes/dragonsNEWLINERW:NEWLINE - MV 3 or lessNEWLINE - Shipwright\nHerald of the Brood	R	common	Creature – Dragon 	105	R	1R	FlyingNEWLINE5RR: Create a 4/4 red Dragon creature token with flying. It gains haste. Exile that token at the beginning of the next end step. Activate only as a sorcery.	1/2		normal	GSS		BR:NEWLINE - Five cursesNEWLINE - CursesNEWLINERG:NEWLINE - two of each land typeNEWLINE - wayfarer 5cNEWLINEUR:NEWLINE - all fliersNEWLINE - drakes/dragonsNEWLINERW:NEWLINE - MV 3 or lessNEWLINE - Shipwright\nWayward Mariner	R	common	Creature – Human Pirate 	117	R	1R	Shipwright 1 (When this enters, put a +1/+1 counter on it or a Vehicle you control.)NEWLINEWhenever Wayward Mariner becomes tapped, you may discard a card. If you do, draw a card.	1/1		normal	GSS		BR:NEWLINE - Five cursesNEWLINE - CursesNEWLINERG:NEWLINE - two of each land typeNEWLINE - wayfarer 5cNEWLINEUR:NEWLINE - all fliersNEWLINE - drakes/dragonsNEWLINERW:NEWLINE - MV 3 or lessNEWLINE - Shipwright\nHellkite Whelp	R	common	Creature – Dragon 	104	R	2R	FlyingNEWLINEWhen Hellkite Whelp enters the battlefield, search your library for a Mountain card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.	1/1		normal	GSS		BR:NEWLINE - Five cursesNEWLINE - CursesNEWLINERG:NEWLINE - two of each land typeNEWLINE - wayfarer 5cNEWLINEUR:NEWLINE - all fliersNEWLINE - drakes/dragonsNEWLINERW:NEWLINE - MV 3 or lessNEWLINE - Shipwright\nShallows Spear-Fisher	R	common	Creature – Merfolk Warrior 	114	R	3R	Wayfarer (If you’ve spent WUBRG this turn, discover L’Or.)NEWLINEShallows Spear-Fisher has double strike as long as you’ve discovered L’Or.	4/2		normal	GSS		BR:NEWLINE - Five cursesNEWLINE - CursesNEWLINERG:NEWLINE - two of each land typeNEWLINE - wayfarer 5cNEWLINEUR:NEWLINE - all fliersNEWLINE - drakes/dragonsNEWLINERW:NEWLINE - MV 3 or lessNEWLINE - Shipwright\nCombustion Girl	R	common	Creature – Human Pirate 	93	R	2R	ReachNEWLINEShipwright 1 (When this enters, put a +1/+1 counter on it or a Vehicle you control.)	3/1		normal	GSS		BR:NEWLINE - Five cursesNEWLINE - CursesNEWLINERG:NEWLINE - two of each land typeNEWLINE - wayfarer 5cNEWLINEUR:NEWLINE - all fliersNEWLINE - drakes/dragonsNEWLINERW:NEWLINE - MV 3 or lessNEWLINE - Shipwright\nAnchor Hauler	R	common	Creature – Human Pirate 	89	R	2R	Shipwright 2 (When this enters, put two +1/+1 counters on it or a Vehicle you control.)NEWLINEAnchor Hauler can’t attack or block unless you control a Vehicle creature.	2/2		normal	GSS		BR:NEWLINE - Five cursesNEWLINE - CursesNEWLINERG:NEWLINE - two of each land typeNEWLINE - wayfarer 5cNEWLINEUR:NEWLINE - all fliersNEWLINE - drakes/dragonsNEWLINERW:NEWLINE - MV 3 or lessNEWLINE - Shipwright\nCrag Monarch	R	common	Creature – Dragon 	94	R	4R	FlyingNEWLINEWhen Crag Monarch enters the battlefield, it deals 1 damage to target creature, planeswalker, or battle. A creature dealt damage this way can’t block this turn.	3/4		normal	GSS		BR:NEWLINE - Five cursesNEWLINE - CursesNEWLINERG:NEWLINE - two of each land typeNEWLINE - wayfarer 5cNEWLINEUR:NEWLINE - all fliersNEWLINE - drakes/dragonsNEWLINERW:NEWLINE - MV 3 or lessNEWLINE - Shipwright\nPoisson Slums Dealings	R	common	Instant	111	R	1R	As an additional cost to cast this spell, discard a card or sacrifice an artifact.NEWLINEDraw two cards.			normal	GSS		BR:NEWLINE - Five cursesNEWLINE - CursesNEWLINERG:NEWLINE - two of each land typeNEWLINE - wayfarer 5cNEWLINEUR:NEWLINE - all fliersNEWLINE - drakes/dragonsNEWLINERW:NEWLINE - MV 3 or lessNEWLINE - Shipwright\nErode	R	common	Sorcery	99	R	1R	Destroy target artifact or land. If a land is destroyed this way, its controller searches their library for a basic land card, puts it onto the battlefield, then shuffles.			normal	GSS		BR:NEWLINE - Five cursesNEWLINE - CursesNEWLINERG:NEWLINE - two of each land typeNEWLINE - wayfarer 5cNEWLINEUR:NEWLINE - all fliersNEWLINE - drakes/dragonsNEWLINERW:NEWLINE - MV 3 or lessNEWLINE - Shipwright\nOpen Fire	R	common	Instant	108	R	2R	Open Fire deals 3 damage to any target.			normal	GSS		f!reprintNEWLINENEWLINEBR:NEWLINE - Five cursesNEWLINE - CursesNEWLINERG:NEWLINE - two of each land typeNEWLINE - wayfarer 5cNEWLINEUR:NEWLINE - all fliersNEWLINE - drakes/dragonsNEWLINERW:NEWLINE - MV 3 or lessNEWLINE - Shipwright\nWarning from Giradrus	R	common	Instant	116	R	4R	Wayfarer (If you’ve spent WUBRG this turn, discover L’Or.)NEWLINEWarning from Giradrus deals 5 damage to target creature or planeswalker. If you’ve discovered L’Or, Warning from Giradrus deals 3 damage to that permanent’s controller.			normal	GSS		BR:NEWLINE - Five cursesNEWLINE - CursesNEWLINERG:NEWLINE - two of each land typeNEWLINE - wayfarer 5cNEWLINEUR:NEWLINE - all fliersNEWLINE - drakes/dragonsNEWLINERW:NEWLINE - MV 3 or lessNEWLINE - Shipwright\nCurse of the Dragon's Coin	R	common	Enchantment – Aura Curse 	96	R	R	Enchant opponentNEWLINEWhenever Curse of the Dragon’s Coin enters the battlefield or you cast a spell that targets enchanted player, Curse of the Dragon’s Coin deals 1 damage to enchanted player.			normal	GSS		BR:NEWLINE - Five cursesNEWLINE - CursesNEWLINERG:NEWLINE - two of each land typeNEWLINE - wayfarer 5cNEWLINEUR:NEWLINE - all fliersNEWLINE - drakes/dragonsNEWLINERW:NEWLINE - MV 3 or lessNEWLINE - Shipwright\nCurse of the Sea's Bounty	R	common	Enchantment – Aura Curse 	98	R	3R	Enchant opponentNEWLINEWhen Curse of the Sea’s Bounty enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 blue and red Pirate creature token.NEWLINEWhenever a creature attacks enchanted player, it gets +1/+0 until end of turn.			normal	GSS		BR:NEWLINE - Five cursesNEWLINE - CursesNEWLINERG:NEWLINE - two of each land typeNEWLINE - wayfarer 5cNEWLINEUR:NEWLINE - all fliersNEWLINE - drakes/dragonsNEWLINERW:NEWLINE - MV 3 or lessNEWLINE - Shipwright\nInvasive Kelp	G	common	Creature – Plant 	132	G	G	Invasive Kelp must be blocked if able.NEWLINE2G, Exile Invasive Kelp from your graveyard: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature or Vehicle you control. It must be blocked this turn if able. Activate only as a sorcery.	1/1		normal	GSS		GW:NEWLINE - Odd MVsNEWLINE - +1/+1 countersNEWLINERG:NEWLINE - two of each land typeNEWLINE - wayfarer 5cNEWLINEGU:NEWLINE - five or more alternate costsNEWLINE - fathomNEWLINEBG:NEWLINE - mana value 3 or greaterNEWLINE - graveyard (lands)\nCurator of Cryptic Charts	G	common	Creature – Human Scout 	125	G	1G	Wayfarer (If you’ve spent WUBRG this turn, discover L’Or.)NEWLINET: Untap target land you control. If you’ve discovered L’Or, you may have that land become a 4/4 Elemental creature with haste until end of turn.	1/2		normal	GSS		GW:NEWLINE - Odd MVsNEWLINE - +1/+1 countersNEWLINERG:NEWLINE - two of each land typeNEWLINE - wayfarer 5cNEWLINEGU:NEWLINE - five or more alternate costsNEWLINE - fathomNEWLINEBG:NEWLINE - mana value 3 or greaterNEWLINE - graveyard (lands)\nLake Cave Lurker	G	common	Creature – Fish Serpent 	133	G	1G	When Lake Cave Lurker dies, create a Treasure token.	3/1		normal	GSS		GW:NEWLINE - Odd MVsNEWLINE - +1/+1 countersNEWLINERG:NEWLINE - two of each land typeNEWLINE - wayfarer 5cNEWLINEGU:NEWLINE - five or more alternate costsNEWLINE - fathomNEWLINEBG:NEWLINE - mana value 3 or greaterNEWLINE - graveyard (lands)\nFrigate Architect	G	common	Creature – Dwarf Advisor 	128	G	3G	When Frigate Architect enters the battlefield, create a 4/4 colorless Vehicle artifact token with crew 1.	1/1		normal	GSS		GW:NEWLINE - Odd MVsNEWLINE - +1/+1 countersNEWLINERG:NEWLINE - two of each land typeNEWLINE - wayfarer 5cNEWLINEGU:NEWLINE - five or more alternate costsNEWLINE - fathomNEWLINEBG:NEWLINE - mana value 3 or greaterNEWLINE - graveyard (lands)\nGreensea Brute	G	common	Creature – Merfolk Pirate 	130	G	2G	Shipwright 1 (When this enters, put a +1/+1 counter on it or a Vehicle you control.)NEWLINECreatures you control with +1/+1 counters on them have trample.	2/2		normal	GSS		GW:NEWLINE - Odd MVsNEWLINE - +1/+1 countersNEWLINERG:NEWLINE - two of each land typeNEWLINE - wayfarer 5cNEWLINEGU:NEWLINE - five or more alternate costsNEWLINE - fathomNEWLINEBG:NEWLINE - mana value 3 or greaterNEWLINE - graveyard (lands)\nCopse Creeper	G	common	Creature – Treefolk 	124	G	2G	When Copse Creeper dies, mill three cards.NEWLINE4G, Exile Copse Creeper from your graveyard: Create a 4/1 black and green Zombie Treefolk token. It can’t block this turn.	4/1		normal	GSS		!uNEWLINENEWLINEGW:NEWLINE - Odd MVsNEWLINE - +1/+1 countersNEWLINERG:NEWLINE - two of each land typeNEWLINE - wayfarer 5cNEWLINEGU:NEWLINE - five or more alternate costsNEWLINE - fathomNEWLINEBG:NEWLINE - mana value 3 or greaterNEWLINE - graveyard (lands)\nArdent Cartographer	G	common	Creature – Human Scout 	118	G	2G	Wayfarer (If you’ve spent WUBRG this turn, discover L’Or.)NEWLINEWhenever Ardent Cartographer becomes tapped, you may mill two cards. If you’ve discovered L’Or,NEWLINEyou may surveil 2 instead.	3/2		normal	GSS		GW:NEWLINE - Odd MVsNEWLINE - +1/+1 countersNEWLINERG:NEWLINE - two of each land typeNEWLINE - wayfarer 5cNEWLINEGU:NEWLINE - five or more alternate costsNEWLINE - fathomNEWLINEBG:NEWLINE - mana value 3 or greaterNEWLINE - graveyard (lands)\nTrench Leviathan	G	common	Creature – Leviathan 	142	G	4G	12: Trench Leviathan gets +5/+5 until end of turn. This ability costs 1 less to activate for each card type among cards in your graveyard.	5/5		normal	GSS		GW:NEWLINE - Odd MVsNEWLINE - +1/+1 countersNEWLINERG:NEWLINE - two of each land typeNEWLINE - wayfarer 5cNEWLINEGU:NEWLINE - five or more alternate costsNEWLINE - fathomNEWLINEBG:NEWLINE - mana value 3 or greaterNEWLINE - graveyard (lands)\nBreaching Serpent	G	common	Creature – Serpent 	121	G	4G	Reach, ward 3	3/5		normal	GSS		GW:NEWLINE - Odd MVsNEWLINE - +1/+1 countersNEWLINERG:NEWLINE - two of each land typeNEWLINE - wayfarer 5cNEWLINEGU:NEWLINE - five or more alternate costsNEWLINE - fathomNEWLINEBG:NEWLINE - mana value 3 or greaterNEWLINE - graveyard (lands)\nFloating Ecocosm	G	common	Creature – Whale 	127	WUBRG	5GG	You may pay WUBRG rather than pay this spell’s mana cost.NEWLINEFloating Ecocosm can’t be blocked by creatures with power 2 or less.	7/7		normal	GSS		GW:NEWLINE - Odd MVsNEWLINE - +1/+1 countersNEWLINERG:NEWLINE - two of each land typeNEWLINE - wayfarer 5cNEWLINEGU:NEWLINE - five or more alternate costsNEWLINE - fathomNEWLINEBG:NEWLINE - mana value 3 or greaterNEWLINE - graveyard (lands)\nVantage Shot	G	common	Instant	144	G	2G	Destroy target artifact, enchantment, or creature with flying.			normal	GSS		GW:NEWLINE - Odd MVsNEWLINE - +1/+1 countersNEWLINERG:NEWLINE - two of each land typeNEWLINE - wayfarer 5cNEWLINEGU:NEWLINE - five or more alternate costsNEWLINE - fathomNEWLINEBG:NEWLINE - mana value 3 or greaterNEWLINE - graveyard (lands)\nThe Mortal Plays God	G	common	Kindred Sorcery – Kraken Revelation 	135	G	G	Fathom 4G (If you cast this by sacrificing a creature or Vehicle and paying the fathom cost reduced by that permanent’s mana value, put this onto the battlefield as a creature after it resolves or loses targets.)NEWLINEPut a +1/+1 counter on each of up to two target creatures.	3/3		normal	GSS		GW:NEWLINE - Odd MVsNEWLINE - +1/+1 countersNEWLINERG:NEWLINE - two of each land typeNEWLINE - wayfarer 5cNEWLINEGU:NEWLINE - five or more alternate costsNEWLINE - fathomNEWLINEBG:NEWLINE - mana value 3 or greaterNEWLINE - graveyard (lands)\nThe Unknown Welcomes All	G	common	Kindred Sorcery – Kraken Revelation 	143	G	2G	Fathom 5GG (If you cast this by sacrificing a creature or Vehicle and paying the fathom cost reduced by that permanent’s mana value, put this onto the battlefield as a creature after it resolves or loses targets.)NEWLINESearch your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.	5/4		normal	GSS		GW:NEWLINE - Odd MVsNEWLINE - +1/+1 countersNEWLINERG:NEWLINE - two of each land typeNEWLINE - wayfarer 5cNEWLINEGU:NEWLINE - five or more alternate costsNEWLINE - fathomNEWLINEBG:NEWLINE - mana value 3 or greaterNEWLINE - graveyard (lands)\nRam	G	common	Instant	138	G	2G	You may pay G and tap any number of untapped creatures you control with total power 3 or greater rather than pay this spell’s cost.NEWLINETarget creature you control deals damage equal to its power to target creature you don’t control.			normal	GSS		GW:NEWLINE - Odd MVsNEWLINE - +1/+1 countersNEWLINERG:NEWLINE - two of each land typeNEWLINE - wayfarer 5cNEWLINEGU:NEWLINE - five or more alternate costsNEWLINE - fathomNEWLINEBG:NEWLINE - mana value 3 or greaterNEWLINE - graveyard (lands)\nDwarven Gemsmith	WU	common	Creature – Dwarf Artificer 	172	WU	WU	Artifact spells you cast cost 1 less to cast.	2/2		normal	GSS		\nPutrefied Thrasher	UB	common	Creature – Zombie Serpent 	185	UB	2UB	Decayed (A creature with decayed can’t block. When it attacks, sacrifice it at end of combat.)NEWLINEWhen Putrefied Thrasher dies, draw two cards.	5/5		normal	GSS		\nCrain's Devoted	BR	common	Creature – Zombie Pirate 	167	BR	BR	TrampleNEWLINEWhenever Crain’s Devoted attacks, it gets +1/+0 until end of turn for each Curse attached to defending player.	1/2		normal	GSS		\nStag of Plenty	RG	common	Creature – Elk 	194	RG	2RG	When Stag of Plenty enters the battlefield, search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.NEWLINE2: Add one mana of any color.	4/4		normal	GSS		\nSanctions Enforcer	WG	common	Creature – Human Pirate 	190	WG	1GW	Each Vehicle you control enters the battlefield with an additional +1/+1 counter on it.	2/3		normal	GSS		\nCoastal Raider	WB	common	Creature – Shark Merfolk Pirate 	163	WB	1WB	Whenever Coastal Raider becomes tapped, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.	3/2		normal	GSS		\nWithering Wanderers	BG	common	Creature – Zombie Treefolk 	198	BG	5BG	When Withering Wanderers enters the battlefield, draw a card and you gain 4 life.NEWLINEB/G, Discard Withering Wanderers: Create a Clue token. You gain 2 life. (It’s an artifact with “2, Sacrifice this: Draw a card.”)	4/6		normal	GSS		\nSilversea Titan	UG	common	Creature – Leviathan 	192	UG	6GU	You may cast this spell by paying 3GU and sacrificing a creature or Vehicle rather than pay this spell’s mana cost.NEWLINEChallenge (This can’t be blocked by more than one creature.)	8/8		normal	GSS		!u\nPrecipice Surveyor	UR	common	Creature – Dragon 	184	UR	3UR	FlyingNEWLINEWhen Precipice Surveyor enters the battlefield, look at the top two cards of your library. Exile one, then put the other on the bottom of your library. You may play the exiled card until the end of your next turn.	3/3		normal	GSS		\nInspiring Recruitment	WR	common	Sorcery	178	WR	RW	Create two 1/1 white Pirate creature tokens with “This creature crews Vehicles as though its power were 2 greater.”			normal	GSS		\nCitadel Tower		common	Artifact Creature – Wall 	201	C	1	Defender, reachNEWLINE2: Until end of turn, Citadel Tower crews Vehicles using its toughness rather than its power.	0/3		normal	GSS		\nUncharted Haven		common	Land	219	C		Uncharted Haven enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINEAs Uncharted Haven enters the battlefield, choose a color.NEWLINET: Add one mana of the chosen color.			normal	GSS		f!reprint\nConvincing Bait		common	Artifact	202	C	1	1, T, Sacrifice Convincing Bait: Draw a card.NEWLINE7, T, Sacrifice Convincing Bait: Destroy target permanent.			normal	GSS		\nProphetic Prism		common	Artifact	205	C	2	When Prophetic Prism enters the battlefield, draw a card.NEWLINE1, T: Add one mana of any color.			normal	GSS		f!reprint\nSeer's Lantern		common	Artifact	206	C	3	T: Add C.NEWLINE2, T: Scry 1.			normal	GSS		f!reprint\nIdyllic Beachfront		common	Land – Plains Island 	212	C		(T: Add W or U.)NEWLINEIdyllic Beachfront enters the battlefield tapped.			normal	GSS		f!reprintNEWLINE!landslot\nContaminated Aquifer		common	Land – Island Swamp 	209	C		(T: Add U or B.)NEWLINEContaminated Aquifer enters the battlefield tapped.			normal	GSS		f!reprintNEWLINE!landslot\nGeothermal Bog		common	Land – Swamp Mountain 	210	C		(T: Add B or R.)NEWLINEGeothermal Bog enters the battlefield tapped.			normal	GSS		f!reprintNEWLINE!landslot\nWooded Ridgeline		common	Land – Mountain Forest 	221	C		(T: Add R or G.)NEWLINEWooded Ridgeline enters the battlefield tapped.			normal	GSS		f!reprintNEWLINE!landslot\nRadiant Grove		common	Land – Forest Plains 	214	C		(T: Add G or W.)NEWLINERadiant Grove enters the battlefield tapped.			normal	GSS		f!reprintNEWLINE!landslot\nSunlit Marsh		common	Land – Plains Swamp 	216	C		(T: Add W or B.)NEWLINESunlit Marsh enters the battlefield tapped.			normal	GSS		f!reprintNEWLINE!landslot\nHaunted Mire		common	Land – Swamp Forest 	211	C		(T: Add B or G.)NEWLINEHaunted Mire enters the battlefield tapped.			normal	GSS		f!reprintNEWLINE!landslot\nTangled Islet		common	Land – Forest Island 	217	C		(T: Add G or U.)NEWLINETangled Islet enters the battlefield tapped.			normal	GSS		f!reprintNEWLINE!landslot\nMolten Tributary		common	Land – Island Mountain 	213	C		(T: Add U or R.)NEWLINEMolten Tributary enters the battlefield tapped.			normal	GSS		f!reprintNEWLINE!landslot\nSacred Peaks		common	Land – Mountain Plains 	215	C		(T: Add R or W.)NEWLINESacred Peaks enters the battlefield tapped.			normal	GSS		f!reprintNEWLINE!landslot\nMafua, Oathseeker	W	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker – Mafua 	19	W	3W			Whenever you attack with two or more creatures, you may activate one of Mafua’s loyalty abilities.NEWLINE[+1]: Put a +1/+1 counter on up to one target creature.NEWLINE[-1]: Exile target creature. Return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control at the beginning of the next end step.NEWLINE[-2]: Return target creature card with mana valueNEWLINE3 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield.	planeswalker	KND	3	\nQueen Saleh Amidi	W	mythic	Legendary Creature – Human Noble 	25	W	1W	LifelinkNEWLINEAt the beginning of your upkeep, you may have each player draw a card.	2/3		adventure	KND		Chasten	W	Sorcery – Tale 	W	W	Look at target opponent’s hand. You may exile a nonland card from it. For as long as that card remains exiled, its owner may cast it. It costs 2 more to cast this way.				\nPanya, the Sojourner	U	mythic	Legendary Creature – Mouse Warrior 	66	U	U	Panya can’t be blocked by creatures with power 3 or greater.NEWLINEAt the beginning of each end step, if you cast an instant or sorcery spell this turn, put a +1/+1 counter on Panya.	1/1		adventure	KND		Grand Odyssey	U	Sorcery – Tale 	U	2U	Exile the top three cards of your library. For as long as they are exiled, whenever a creature you control deals combat damage to a player, you may put one into your hand.				\nRhapsody in Blue	U	mythic	Legendary Enchantment – Saga 	67	U	2UU			“This world sings a rapturous melody, if you’d only spend the time to listen.”NEWLINEReturn all nonland permanents with mana value 2 or less to their owner’s hands.NEWLINEDraw two cards, then discard two cards.NEWLINEExile this enchantment, then return it to the battlefield transformed under your control.	transform double faced	KND		Fakadeh, the Symphonic God	U	Legendary Enchantment Creature – Bird God 	U		FlyingNEWLINEWhenever you cast a spell from your hand, you may exile a card from your graveyard with the same mana value and a different card type. If you do, cast a copy of the exiled card without paying its mana cost.NEWLINEWhen Fakadeh dies, return this card to its owner’s hand.	3/4			\nKing Khalfan Amidi	B	mythic	Legendary Creature – Human Noble 	101	B	2BB	MenaceNEWLINEWhenever Khalfan attacks, you may sacrifice a non-Noble creature. If you do, defending player sacrifices a creature.	4/3		adventure	KND		Tyrant's Will	B	Sorcery – Tale 	B	4BB	You control target opponent until the end of that player’s next main phase.				\nScourge of the Moors	B	mythic	Enchantment Creature – Snake Warrior 	113	B	1BB	DeathtouchNEWLINEWhenever Scourge of the Moors attacks, teach target creature you control deathtouch. (Put a counter of that kind on it. If it already has that ability, put a +1/+1 counter on it instead.)NEWLINEWhenever one or more creatures with deathtouch you control deal 7 or more total combat damage to a player, that player loses the game.	2/2		normal	KND		\nFireplume Dragoon	R	mythic	Enchantment Creature – Bird Warrior 	139	R	3RR	Flying, hasteNEWLINEWhenever Fireplume Dragoon attacks, you may put a creature card with mana value 3 or less from your hand onto the battlefield tapped and attacking. Return that creature to your hand at end of combat.	4/4		normal	KND		\nPaint the Town Red	R	mythic	Legendary Enchantment – Saga 	147	R	2RR			“It’s time, Sirif. Today your debts will be settled, whether in gold or in blood.”NEWLINECreate a 2/2 red Cat creature token with first strike.NEWLINEPaint the Town Red deals 4 damage to target opponent unless that player has you draw two cards.NEWLINEExile this enchantment, then return it to the battlefield transformed under your control.	transform double faced	KND		Sirif, the Tremulous God	R	Legendary Enchantment Creature – Cat God 	R		First strikeNEWLINEWhenever Sirif attacks, they deal 4 damage to defending player unless that player has you create a 2/2 red and white Cat creature token with first strike that’s tapped and attacking that player.NEWLINEWhen Sirif dies, return this card to its owner’s hand.	4/2			\nThe Next Escapade	G	mythic	Sorcery	188	G	1G	Create two 1/1 white Mouse creature tokens. Then if you’ve cast three other spells named The Next Escapade this game, exile The Next Escapade and creatures you control have base power and toughness 4/4 and trample for the rest of the game. Otherwise, shuffle The Next Escapade into its owner’s library.			normal	KND		\nGod's Green Earth	G	mythic	Legendary Enchantment – Saga 	180	G	3GG			“I was born seeing all and knowing none. In such a place, I suspect you too would fall on your sword.”NEWLINEDistribute three +1/+1 counters among any number of target creatures you control.NEWLINEDraw X cards, where X is the greatest power among creatures you control.NEWLINEExile this enchantment, then return it to the battlefield transformed under your control.	transform double faced	KND		Am'Atambi, the Puissant God	G	Legendary Enchantment Creature – Spider God 	G		ReachNEWLINEWhen Am’Atambi enters the battlefield, you may put a creature card from your hand onto the battlefield until Am’Atambi leaves the battlefield.NEWLINEWhen Am’Atambi dies, return this card to its owner’s hand.	5/6			\nThe Kundege Oath	WUR	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker – Kundege 	216	WUR	URW			[+1]: Teach up to one target creature flying. If it’s a Bird, it gains vigilance until end of turn. (Put a counter of that kind on it. If it already has that ability, put a +1/+1 counter on it instead.)NEWLINE[-1]: Create either a legendary 3/3 blue Bird Warrior creature token, a legendary 2/2 white Bird Knight creature token with lifelink, or a legendary 1/1 red Bird Soldier creature token with double strike.NEWLINE[-6]: Draw three cards. The Kundege Oath deals 3 damage to any target. You gain 3 life.	planeswalker	KND	3	\nMpumo, the Rebel Lord	WBR	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker – Mpumo 	220	WBR	1RWB			[+1]: Mpumo deals 1 damage to each opponent. Create a 1/1 white and black Rebel creature token.NEWLINE[-3]: Target player sacrifices a nonland permanent with the greatest mana value among permanents that player controls.NEWLINE[-7]: Exile the top seven cards of your library. Whenever a creature you control attacks this turn, you may cast one of those cards without paying its mana cost.	planeswalker	KND	4	\nSix-Strike Mantid	UG	mythic	Enchantment Creature – Insect Monk 	232	UG	GU	Whenever Six-Strike Mantid deals combat damage to a player, if it has deathtouch, vigilance, and menace, draw that many cards.NEWLINEGG: Teach Six-Strike Mantid deathtouch. (Put a counter of that kind on it. If it already has that ability, put a +1/+1 counter on it instead.)NEWLINEGU: Teach Six-Strike Mantid vigilance.NEWLINEUU: Teach Six-Strike Mantid menace.	2/2		normal	KND		\nYusi, the Sable Crow	UB	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker – Yusi 	237	UB	4UB			[+1]: Draw two cards, then sacrifice a permanent.NEWLINE[-2]: Create a token that’s a copy of Yusi’s back face.NEWLINE[-3]: Target opponent reveals their hand. Choose a nonland card in that player’s hand or graveyard, then exile it. You may cast it without paying its mana cost.	transform double faced	KND	6	Screeching Umbra	UB	Planeswalker – Yusi 	UB				NEWLINE[-3]: 	4	\nNiah, the Necroalchemist	BG	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker – Niah 	222	BG	2BG			[+1]: Mill three cards, then return a card milled this way from your graveyard to your hand.NEWLINE[-2]: Create a 0/0 black Shade creature token with “This creature gets +1/+1 for each creature card in your graveyard.”NEWLINE[-6]: Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield, then merge up to two other target creature cards from your graveyard under that creature. (It has all abilities of those cards.)	planeswalker	KND	4	\nSiege Hippo	WRG	mythic	Creature – Hippo 	230	WRG	1RGW	TrampleNEWLINEConcord – Whenever Siege Hippo attacks, if there are four or more card types among permanents you control, Siege Hippo deals 3 damage to any target and you gain 3 life.	4/5		normal	KND		\nDjitu's Lithified Mantle		mythic	Legendary Artifact – Equipment 	241	C	1	Whenever equipped creature attacks, if you don’t control a creature named Jwanga Djitu, create Jwanga Djitu, a legendary 10/10 colorless Sand Construct artifact creature token with indestructible that’s tapped and attacking.NEWLINEEquip 10			normal	KND		\nThe Veil Betwixt		mythic	Legendary Artifact	261	C	6	Creatures you control get +1/+1.NEWLINEWhenever a nontoken creature you control dies, create a token that’s a copy of it, except it has decayed.NEWLINEWhenever a token creature you control dies, draw a card.			normal	KND		\nMalika Khazra, the Unifier	W	mythic	Legendary Creature – Human Rebel 	20	WUBRG	4W	When Malika Khazra enters the battlefield, for each color of mana spent to cast her, conscript a Rebel. (Look at the top four cards of your library. Reveal a Rebel from them and put it into your hand or create a 1/1 Rebel token. Put the rest on the bottom.)NEWLINE1GU: Copy target Rebel spell you control. You may choose new targets for the copy.NEWLINE1BR: Rebels you control get +1/+0 and gain menace until end of turn.	3/3		normal	KND		\nTika Shuguru, Blood Effigy		mythic	Legendary Artifact Creature – Scarecrow 	258	WUBRG	5	Vigilance, reachNEWLINEEach Scarecrow creature you control assigns combat damage equal to its toughness rather than its power.NEWLINE2/W2/U2/B2/R2/G: Target opponent sacrifices a nonland permanent. Create a 0/3 colorless Scarecrow artifact creature token with reach.	0/6		normal	KND		\nCitadel Magistrate	W	rare	Creature – Human Advisor 	8	W	1W	As Citadel Magistrate enters the battlefield, choose an imperial mandate.NEWLINE• Excise – Each player can’t draw more than one card each turn.NEWLINE• Restraint – Each player can’t attack with more than one creature each turn.NEWLINE• Demarcation – Each player can’t cast more than one spell each turn.	1/2		normal	KND		\nAarakocra Champion	W	rare	Enchantment Creature – Bird Warrior 	1	W	WW	Flying, vigilanceNEWLINEWhenever Aarakocra Champion attacks, add a 2/2 white Bird creature token with flying to your bestiary. (If you would create a creature token, you may instead put one into play from your bestiary.)	2/2		normal	KND		\nZuri Asaju, God-Hunter	W	rare	Legendary Creature – Human Rebel 	41	W	2W	Equipped creatures you control have challenge. (They can’t be blocked by more than one creature.)	3/3		adventure	KND		Steeled Vow	W	Sorcery – Tale 	W	X	Search your library for an Equipment card with mana value X, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle. (Cast a copy of this once while this is on the battlefield.)				\nRehengi Battle Priest	W	rare	Creature – Human Rebel Cleric 	26	W	2WW	When Rehengi Battle Priest enters the battlefield, exile target creature an opponent controls until Rehengi Battle Priest leaves the battlefield.NEWLINEAt the beginning of your end step, if you dealt combat damage to a player this turn, conscript a Rebel. (Look at the top four cards of your library. Reveal a Rebel from them and put it into your hand or create a 1/1 Rebel token. Put the rest on the bottom.)	2/2		normal	KND		\nGilded Vindicator	W	rare	Creature – Human Rebel 	12	W	3W	First strikeNEWLINEWhen Gilded Vindicator enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.NEWLINEConcord – As long as there are four or more card types among permanents you control, creatures you control attacking cause abilities of that creature to trigger as though that creature entered the battlefield.	3/1		normal	KND		\nRescue Strix	W	rare	Creature – Bird 	28	W	4W	FlashNEWLINEFlyingNEWLINEWhen Rescue Strix enters the battlefield, if you cast it, return to the battlefield all creature cards in your graveyard that were put there from the battlefield this turn.	3/3		normal	KND		\nAmbassador's Graces	W	rare	Sorcery	3	W	4WW	Return up to one target artifact card, up to one target enchantment card, up to one target creature card, and up to one target planeswalker card from your graveyard to the battlefield.			normal	KND		\nBegone	W	rare	Sorcery	4	W	XWWW	Choose X different numbers. Exile all nonland permanents with mana values chosen this way.			normal	KND		\nUnited We Stand	W	rare	Enchantment	39	W	1W	When United We Stand enters the battlefield or you cast a creature spell with mana value 3 or less, conscript a Rebel. (Look at the top four cards of your library. Reveal a Rebel from them and put it into your hand or create a 1/1 Rebel token. Put the rest on the bottom.)			normal	KND		\nThe Crowspeaker	U	rare	Creature – Human Shaman 	53	U	UU	T: Surveil 1. Then if you have no cards in your library, you win the game.	1/3		adventure	KND		The Gift	U	Instant – Tale 	U	3UUU	Draw up to ten cards. You have no maximum hand size until your next turn. (Cast a copy of this once while this is on the battlefield.)				\nCroaking Chronicler	U	rare	Enchantment Creature – Frog Advisor 	52	U	U	ProwessNEWLINEYou may cast cards with Tales from your hand as Tales. Whenever you cast a spell this way, exile it instead of putting it into a graveyard as it resolves. You may cast that card from exile for as long as it remains in exile. If you do, it gains “You can’t cast this permanent’s Tale.”	1/2		normal	KND		\nAurora Harnesser	U	rare	Creature – Human Wizard 	44	U	1U	FlashNEWLINEAt the beginning of your end step, Aurora Harnesser phases out.	2/1		adventure	KND		Lights Out	U	Instant – Tale 	U	UU	Counter target spell. (Cast a copy of this once while this is on the battlefield.)				\nDarksea Hunter	U	rare	Enchantment Creature – Shark Rogue 	54	U	5UU	FlashNEWLINEThis spell can’t be countered.NEWLINEDarksea Hunter has hexproof as long as you’ve cast a noncreature spell this turn.NEWLINE0: Darksea Hunter can’t be blocked until end of turn. You can’t cast spells on turns you activate this ability.	7/9		normal	KND		\nFool's Orrery	U	rare	Artifact	57	U	2U	You may look at the top card of your library at any time.NEWLINEConcord – You may play the top card of your library as long as there are four or more card types among permanents you control.			normal	KND		\nSkin to Stone	U	rare	Sorcery	71	U	2UU	Gain control of target nonland permanent. Its controller creates a 3/3 colorless Sand Construct artifact creature token.			normal	KND		\nOpaline Prophecy	U	rare	Instant	64	U	3UU	Draw three cards. If you cast this spell during your main phase, create two Treasure tokens.			normal	KND		\nLagoon Logistics	U	rare	Instant	61	U	1U	Until end of turn, if a permanent entering the battlefield under your control causes a triggered ability of that permanent to trigger, that ability triggers an additional time.NEWLINEExile target creature you control, then return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control.			normal	KND		\nBleeding Dunes	U	rare	Enchantment	46	U	2U	3U, Discard Bleeding Dunes: Draw a card. Create a 4/3 blue and red Sand Shark creature token with prowess.NEWLINEAt the beginning of each end step, if you cast a noncreature spell this turn, add a 4/3 blue and red Sand Shark creature token with prowess to your bestiary. (If you would create a creature token, you may instead put one into play from your bestiary.)			normal	KND		\nEncroaching Blight	B	rare	Enchantment	89	B	1BB	At the beginning of your end step, choose one that hasn’t been chosen –NEWLINE• Each opponent loses 3 life and you gain 3 life.NEWLINE• Return up to two target creature cards from your graveyard to your hand.NEWLINE• Create a 3/2 black Snake creature token.NEWLINE• Sacrifice Encroaching Blight. You lose 3 life, discard two cards, and sacrifice a creature.			normal	KND		\nPitiless Monarch	B	rare	Creature – Cat 	108	B	1BB	MenaceNEWLINEConcord – At the beginning of your upkeep, you lose 4 life unless there are four or more card types among permanents you control.	4/5		normal	KND		\nZahadi Clairvoyant	B	rare	Creature – Human Rebel Cleric 	121	B	3B	T, Sacrifice another creature: Add BBB.	4/4		adventure	KND		Sever the Veil	B	Sorcery – Tale 	B	1BB	Search your library for a card and put it into your hand, then shuffle. (Cast a copy of this once while this is on the battlefield.)				\nYazeed, the Collector	B	rare	Legendary Creature – Human Rebel 	120	B	2BB	Non-Rebel creatures get -1/-1.NEWLINEAt the beginning of each end step, if a creature died this turn, conscript a Rebel. (Look at the top four cards of your library. Reveal a Rebel from them and put it into your hand or create a 1/1 Rebel token. Put the rest on the bottom.)	3/2		normal	KND		\nKhari Araknidi	B	rare	Legendary Enchantment Creature – Spider Warlock 	100	B	5B	ReachNEWLINEAt the beginning of each upkeep, create a 1/2 green Spider creature token with reach.NEWLINESacrifice another Spider: Target creature gets -1/-2 until end of turn.NEWLINESacrifice four other Spiders: Target player loses 8 life.	1/8		normal	KND		\nFester and Fade	B	rare	Instant	92	B	1B	Target creature gets -4/-4 until end of turn. Add a 0/0 black Shade creature token with “This creature gets +1/+1 for each creature card in your graveyard” to your bestiary. (If you would create a creature token, you may instead put one into play from your bestiary.)			normal	KND		\nNecrotic Duality	B	rare	Sorcery	106	B	2BB	Return two target creature cards from your graveyard to the battlefield. Those creatures fight each other.			normal	KND		\nFever Tree	B	rare	Artifact	93	B	B	1, T: Target player loses 1 life. If that player has one or fewer cards in hand, they lose 3 life instead.			adventure	KND		Spinal Tap	B	Sorcery – Tale 	B	B	Target player reveals their hand. You choose a nonland card from it. That player discards that card. (Cast a copy of this once while this is on the battlefield.)				\nDusk's Bitter Crown	B	rare	Enchantment	88	B	1B	At the beginning of your upkeep, conscript a Rebel. You lose 1 life. (Look at the top four cards of your library. Reveal a Rebel from them and put it into your hand or create a 1/1 Rebel token. Put the rest on the bottom.)			normal	KND		\nIncendiary Historian	R	rare	Creature – Human Rebel Wizard 	142	R	2R	ProwessNEWLINEConcord – Once each turn during your turn, if there are four or more card types among permanents you control, you may cast a spell with mana value less than or equal to the number of lands you control from your hand without paying its mana cost.	2/2		normal	KND		\nMsuji Berserker	R	rare	Enchantment Creature – Lizard Berserker 	145	R	2R	Whenever Msuji Berserker attacks, target creature defending player controls can’t block this turn.	3/2		adventure	KND		Splinter Cell	R	Sorcery – Tale 	R	2R	Create a token copy of target creature you control, except it has haste and isn’t legendary. Sacrifice it at end of turn.				\nHero of the Highlands	R	rare	Creature – Human Rebel 	141	R	2RR	HasteNEWLINEWhen Hero of the Highlands enters the battlefield, teach target creature you control double strike. (Put a counter of that kind on it. If it already has that ability, put a +1/+1 counter on it instead.)	2/2		normal	KND		\nRelic Trampler	R	rare	Creature – Elephant 	149	R	1RR	When Relic Trampler enters the battlefield, destroy target nonbasic colorless permanent. That permanent’s controller creates a colorless Desert land token with “T: Add C.”	3/3		normal	KND		\nButcher of Providence	R	rare	Enchantment Creature – Cat Warrior 	131	R	XRR	Menace, hasteNEWLINEButcher of Providence enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it for each mana from a Desert spent to cast it.	0/0		normal	KND		\nTactical Commerce	R	rare	Sorcery	158	R	3R	You may play a card you own from outside the game this turn.NEWLINEConcord – If there are four or more card types among permanents you control, add four mana of any one color.			normal	KND		\nAll-Mother's Hostility	R	rare	Enchantment	122	R	2R	When All-Mother’s Hostility enters the battlefield, sacrifice a nontoken land. When you do, create two tapped colorless Desert land tokens with “T: Add C.”NEWLINETap three untapped Deserts you control: All-Mother’s Hostility deals 3 damage to each opponent.			normal	KND		\nCataclysmic Downfall	R	rare	Sorcery	132	R	3RR	Cataclysmic Downfall deals 10 damage to up to one target creature and 5 damage to each other creature.			normal	KND		\nRise of Cinders	R	rare	Enchantment	150	R	1R	When Rise of Cinders enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 red Sand creature token.NEWLINEEach creature you control has Rise of Cinders’s Tale.			adventure	KND		Ignite	R	Sorcery – Tale 	R	1R	Until end of turn, this permanent becomes an enchantment creature with base power and toughness 4/4. Sacrifice it at end of turn.				\nSteppe Shepherd	G	rare	Creature – Human Rebel Scout 	194	G	G	Whenever you create one or more creature tokens, put a +1/+1 counter on Steppe Shepherd.NEWLINEAt the beginning of your end step, if Steppe Shepherd’s power is 4 or greater, add a 4/4 green Elephant creature token with trample to your bestiary. (If you would create a creature token, you may instead put one into play from your bestiary.)	1/1		normal	KND		\nBudding Harmonist	G	rare	Creature – Human Druid 	169	G	2G	You may look at the top card of your library at any time.NEWLINEYou may play lands from the top of your library.NEWLINEDeserts you control have “T: Add one mana of any color.”	1/4		normal	KND		\nVerdant Auspex	G	rare	Creature – Human Druid 	201	G	2G	As Verdant Auspex enters the battlefield, choose a creature type.NEWLINESpells you cast of the chosen type cost 1 less to cast.	2/3		adventure	KND		Nature's Breath	G	Sorcery – Tale 	G	G	Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control this turn, draw a card.				\nHorde Historian	G	rare	Enchantment Creature – Ape Bard 	182	G	3G	When Horde Historian enters the battlefield, mill four cards. When you do, return target enchantment card from your graveyard to your hand.NEWLINEYou may have Sagas enter the battlefield under your control with one or two additional lore counters on them.	3/5		normal	KND		\nFrothing Gladiator	G	rare	Enchantment Creature – Crocodile Warrior 	178	G	3GG	Vigilance, haste, challenge (This creature can’t be blocked by more than one creature.)NEWLINEWhenever Frothing Gladiator deals combat damage to a player, draw X cards and you gain X life, where X is the number of creatures that player controls.	5/5		normal	KND		\nAll-Mother's Soul	G	rare	Creature – Incarnation 	162	G	5GG	TrampleNEWLINEWhen All-Mother’s Soul enters the battlefield, add a token copy of All-Mother’s Soul to your bestiary. (If you would create a creature token, you may instead put one into play from your bestiary.)	6/6		normal	KND		\nThe Brigade Rises	G	rare	Sorcery	166	G	XGG	Create X 1/1 white Mouse creature tokens and an X/X Army creature token that’s all colors.			normal	KND		\nGateway Collapse	G	rare	Instant	179	G	2GG	Destroy all artifacts and enchantments. For each permanent destroyed this way, its controller creates a colorless Desert land token with “T: Add C.”			normal	KND		\nCrown the Honored One	G	rare	Enchantment	172	G	4G	Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, you may have it fight target creature you don’t control.			normal	KND		\nWaking Winds	WU	rare	Instant	236	WU	2WU	Exile any number of target creatures you control, then return them to the battlefield under their owner’s control. Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control this way, teach it flying. (Put a counter of that kind on it. If it already has that ability, put a +1/+1 counter on it instead.)			normal	KND		\nBaneful Seer	UB	rare	Creature – Human Warlock 	206	UB	UB	Whenever you cast your second spell each turn, draw a card, then discard a card unless you pay 2 life.	2/3		adventure	KND		Malefic Touch	UB	Sorcery – Tale 	UB	1UB	Exile target nonland card with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard. You may cast a copy of that card without paying its mana cost.				\nSeasoned Sandshaper	BR	rare	Creature – Human Mercenary 	229	BR	2BR	When Seasoned Sandshaper enters the battlefield, discard your hand, then draw two cards. For each card type among cards discarded this way, create a 1/1 red Sand creature token.NEWLINEBR, Sacrifice another creature: Seasoned Sandshaper deals 2 damage to any target.	2/2		normal	KND		\nBourasan Enforcer	RG	rare	Enchantment Creature – Rhino Warrior 	208	RG	3RG	You may play an additional land on each of your turns.NEWLINELandfall – Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, Bourasan Enforcer deals damage to any target equal to the number of times this ability has resolved this turn. If this is the third time this ability has resolved this turn, exile the top three cards of your library. You may play them until the end of your next turn.	5/5		normal	KND		\nAwakener of Ancients	WG	rare	Creature – Human Rebel 	205	WG	1GW	When Awakener of Ancients enters the battlefield, add two 3/3 colorless Sand Construct artifact creature tokens to your bestiary.NEWLINEOnce each turn, when you create a creature token, teach it lifelink. (Put a counter of that kind on it. If it already has that ability, put a +1/+1 counter on it instead.)	3/3		normal	KND		\nEmbrace the Blood Sun	WB	rare	Kindred Sorcery – Rebel 	212	WB	1WB	Exile target nonland permanent.			normal	KND		\nNyoka, Festerlord	BG	rare	Legendary Enchantment Creature – Snake Warlock 	224	BG	1BG	When Nyoka enters the battlefield, teach it your choice of haste, deathtouch, vigilance, lure, or challenge. (A creature with lure must be blocked if able. A creature with challenge can’t be blocked by more than one creature.)NEWLINECounters remain on Nyoka as it moves to any zone other than a player’s hand or library.	3/3		normal	KND		\nMorass Vanquisher	UG	rare	Enchantment Creature – Crocodile Warrior 	219	UG	4GU	Whenever you cast a spell, choose one –NEWLINE• Put a shield counter on target permanent without a shield counter on it.NEWLINE• Draw a card.NEWLINE• Create a 2/2 white Bird creature token with flying.	6/6		normal	KND		\nAmber-Eye Visionary	UR	rare	Enchantment Creature – Bird Wizard 	204	UR	1UR	FlyingNEWLINEWhenever a spell you control deals damage to a permanent or player, you may have Amber-Eye Visionary deal 2 damage to that permanent or player. If you don’t, draw a card.	2/3		normal	KND		\nBlade of the Free	WR	rare	Artifact – Equipment 	207	WR	2RW	When Blade of the Free enters the battlefield, look at the top seven cards of your library. You may put creature card with mana value 3 or less from among them onto the battlefield and attach Blade of the Free to it. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.NEWLINEEquipped creature has double strike.NEWLINEEquip 2			normal	KND		\nOcular Parasite		rare	Artifact Creature – Construct 	250	C	1	FlyingNEWLINEWhen Ocular Parasite enters the battlefield, look at target opponent’s hand.NEWLINEWhenever Ocular Parasite deals combat damage to a player, choose a card name. That player can’t cast spells with the chosen name during their next turn.	1/1		normal	KND		\nClockwork Plaguebearer		rare	Artifact Creature – Construct 	238	C	4	DeathtouchNEWLINEWhen Clockwork Plaguebearer enters the battlefield, remove all counters from target permanent.NEWLINECounters can’t be placed on permanents.	3/3		normal	KND		f!reprint\nTimeless Watchers		rare	Artifact Creature – Sand Construct 	259	C	6	VigilanceNEWLINEIf a source would deal damage to you, that source deals 1 damage instead.NEWLINEIf you would lose life, you lose 1 life instead.	6/6		normal	KND		\nStar of the Sands		rare	Artifact	256	WUBRG	3	Concord – At the beginning of your end step, if there are four or more card types among permanents you control, create a Treasure token.NEWLINEWWUUBBRRGG, T: Exile Star of the Sands. For the rest of the game, you may cast cards from your hand without paying their mana costs.			normal	KND		\nIronhide Processional		rare	Kindred Artifact – Rebel Vehicle 	246	C	2	Whenever Ironhide Processional attacks, if Ironhide Processional was crewed by creatures with 3 or more total power this turn, defending player loses 3 life unless they sacrifice a nonland permanent or discard a card.NEWLINECrew 1	3/3		normal	KND		\nThe Exile Queen's Crown		rare	Legendary Artifact – Equipment 	244	C	2	Equipped creature has “Whenever this creature attacks, other attacking creatures you control get +1/+1 and gain indestructible until end of turn.”NEWLINEEquip 3NEWLINEEquip legendary creature 0			normal	KND		\nKopesh of the Veil		rare	Artifact – Equipment 	247	C	1	Equipped creature gets +2/+0.NEWLINEWhenever equipped creature dies, if it wasn’t a token, create a token copy of it except it’s a 1/1 red Sand creature. Attach Kopesh of the Veil to that token.NEWLINEEquip 4			normal	KND		\nDust Devil		rare	Artifact Creature – Sand Construct 	243	C	2	As long as Dust Devil isn’t in your hand, it’s a Desert land in addition to its other types.NEWLINET: Add C.	1/1		normal	KND		\nUnending Sands		rare	Land	276	C		T, Pay 1 life, Sacrifice Unending Sands: Search your library for a Desert card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	KND		f!reprint\nDefense of the Dunes	W	uncommon	Enchantment	9	W	2W	Creature tokens you control get +1/+1.NEWLINEWhenever you cast a Rebel spell, add a 3/3 colorless Sand Construct artifact creature token to your bestiary. (If you would create a creature token, you may instead put one into play from your bestiary.)			normal	KND		\nCeremonial Ushers	W	uncommon	Creature – Human Cleric 	6	W	1W	When Ceremonial Ushers enters the battlefield, return up to one target artifact or enchantment card from your graveyard to your hand. If no card is returned this way, put a +1/+1 counter on Ceremonial Ushers.	1/2		normal	KND		\nSpear of Justice	W	uncommon	Kindred Artifact – Rebel Equipment 	32	W	1W	When Spear of Justice enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 white and black Rebel creature token, then attach Spear of Justice to it.NEWLINEEquipped creature gets +1/+1.NEWLINEEquip 1			normal	KND		\nProphet of the Veil	W	uncommon	Creature – Human Rebel Cleric 	23	W	2W	Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, you gain 1 life.	2/3		adventure	KND		Sights of Ecstasy	W	Sorcery – Tale 	W	2W	Exile up to two other target creatures you control, then return them to the battlefield under their owner’s control. (Cast a copy of this once while this is on the battlefield.)				\nGlory Chaser	W	uncommon	Creature – Human Rebel 	13	W	2W	Concord – Glory Chaser has double strike as long as there are four or more card types among permanents you control.	3/2		normal	KND		\nPalemane Paladin	W	uncommon	Enchantment Creature – Lion Warrior 	22	W	3W	When Palemane Paladin enters the battlefield, choose it and another target creature you control. Teach one vigilance and the other lifelink. (Put a counter of that kind on it. If it already has that ability, put a +1/+1 counter on it instead.)	2/4		normal	KND		\nInsurgent's Pet	W	uncommon	Creature – Bird 	17	W	2WW	FlyingNEWLINEWhen Insurgent’s Pet enters the battlefield, conscript a Rebel, then conscript a Rebel again. (Look at the top four cards of your library. Reveal a Rebel from them and put it into your hand or create a 1/1 Rebel token. Put the rest on the bottom.)	2/2		normal	KND		\nSkyknight Armorer	W	uncommon	Enchantment Creature – Bird Warrior 	31	W	3WW	FlyingNEWLINEWhen Skyknight Armorer enters the battlefield, create a colorless Equipment artifact token with “Equipped creature gets +2/+0” and equip 2. If you attacked this turn, attach it to Skyknight Armorer.	2/4		normal	KND		\nExonerate	W	uncommon	Sorcery	10	W	W	Exile target creature or planeswalker with mana value less than or equal to the number of nonland permanents you control.			normal	KND		\nHeart of the Cause	W	uncommon	Kindred Enchantment – Rebel 	14	W	3W	When Heart of the Cause enters the battlefield, exile another target nonland permanent until Heart of the Cause leaves the battlefield.NEWLINEWhen Heart of the Cause enters the battlefield, you gain 2 life.			normal	KND		\nHonorable March	W	uncommon	Instant	15	W	4W	Creatures you control get +2/+1 until end of turn.NEWLINEConcord – If there are four or more card types among permanents you control, untap each creature you control. Those creatures gain lifelink until end of turn.			normal	KND		\nSandspinner	U	uncommon	Creature – Human Rebel Wizard 	68	U	U	FlashNEWLINEProwessNEWLINEWhen Sandspinner enters the battlefield, if you cast a noncreature spell this turn, add a 4/3 blue and red Sand Shark creature token with prowess to your bestiary. (If you would create a creature token, you may instead put one into play from your bestiary.)	1/1		normal	KND		\nCloudline Sovereign	U	uncommon	Enchantment Creature – Bird Wizard 	49	U	3UU	FlyingNEWLINECloudline Sovereign enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it.NEWLINEAt the beginning of your upkeep, you may remove a counter from a creature you control. If you do, put a shield counter on that creature. (If it would be dealt damage or destroyed, remove a shield counter from it instead.)	3/3		normal	KND		\nTrifle Carver	U	uncommon	Enchantment Creature – Lizard Artificer 	78	U	2U	Whenever an artifact enters the battlefield under your control, scry 1.	3/2		adventure	KND		The Toy Offensive	U	Sorcery – Tale 	U	5U	Until end of turn, artifacts you control become 4/4 artifact creatures. (Cast a copy of this once while this is on the battlefield.)				\nGhostquill Composer	U	uncommon	Enchantment Creature – Bird Wizard 	59	U	3U	FlyingNEWLINEWhenever Ghostquill Composer deals combat damage to a player, you may exile target card with a Tale from your graveyard. You may cast a copy of that card as a Tale until end of turn. (You still pay its costs.)	3/3		normal	KND		\nOracle of the Fens	U	uncommon	Creature – Human Rebel Shaman 	65	U	2U	Whenever you cast your second spell each turn, create a 2/1 green and blue Frog creature token with ward 2.	1/4		normal	KND		\nWhisperwind Soothsayer	U	uncommon	Creature – Human Wizard 	81	U	1U	When Whisperwind Soothsayer enters the battlefield, choose it and another target creature you control. Teach one flying and the other ward 2. (Put a counter of that kind on it. If it already has that ability, put a +1/+1 counter on it instead.)	2/1		normal	KND		\nDisallow	U	uncommon	Instant	56	U	1UU	Counter target spell, activated ability, or triggered ability.			normal	KND		f!reprint\nSeek the Inevitable	U	uncommon	Sorcery	70	U	U	Conscript a Rebel. (Look at the top four cards of your library. Reveal a Rebel from them and put it into your hand or create a 1/1 Rebel token. Put the rest on the bottom.)NEWLINESurveil 2.			normal	KND		\nSundry Revelations	U	uncommon	Instant	77	U	4U	Look at the top seven cards of your library. For each card type, you may reveal a card of that type from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.			normal	KND		\nAll-Mother's Tears	U	uncommon	Kindred Enchantment – Rebel Aura 	42	U	2U	Enchant creatureNEWLINEEnchanted creature doesn’t untap during its controller’s untap step.			adventure	KND		Heretic's Lament	U	Sorcery – Tale 	U	1U	Conscript a Rebel. (Look at the top four cards of your library. Reveal a Rebel from them and put it into your hand or create a 1/1 Rebel token. Put the rest on the bottom.)				\nCeremony of Tribes	U	uncommon	Sorcery	47	U	4UU	Create token copies of each of up to two target creatures you control.			normal	KND		\nRehengi Majesty	B	uncommon	Creature – Cat 	110	B	4B	MenaceNEWLINEWhenever Rehengi Majesty enters the battlefield or attacks, conscript a Rebel and you lose 1 life. (Look at the top four cards of your library. Reveal a Rebel from them and put it into your hand or create a 1/1 Rebel token. Put the rest on the bottom.)	5/3		normal	KND		\nKafyabari Sneak	B	uncommon	Enchantment Creature – Bird Rogue 	98	B	1B	Whenever you cast your second spell each turn, put a +1/ +1 counter on Kafyabari Sneak.NEWLINEPay 2 life: Kafyabari Sneak gains flying until end of turn.	2/2		normal	KND		\nPlague Striker	B	uncommon	Enchantment Creature – Rat Rogue 	109	B	2B	When Plague Striker enters the battlefield, choose it and another target creature you control. Teach one deathtouch and the other menace. (Put a counter of that kind on it. If it already has that ability, put a +1/+1 counter on it instead.)	3/2		normal	KND		\nSanguine Scribe	B	uncommon	Creature – Human Shaman 	112	B	2B	Concord – 2, T: Each opponent loses 2 life and you gain 2 life. Activate only if there are four or more card types among permanents you control.	1/4		normal	KND		\nCorpse Repurposer	B	uncommon	Creature – Human Warlock 	87	B	3B	When Corpse Repurposer enters the battlefield, surveil 2.	4/3		adventure	KND		Skinstitching	B	Sorcery – Tale 	B	1B	Exile target creature card from your graveyard. Create a token that’s a copy of that creature, except it’s a colorless artifact. (Cast a copy of this once while this is on the battlefield.)				\nVengeful Martyr	B	uncommon	Creature – Human Rebel 	117	B	B	Vengeful Martyr can’t block.NEWLINE1B: Return Vengeful Martyr from your graveyard to the battlefield. Activate only if you conscripted this turn.	2/1		normal	KND		\nCarrion High Priest	B	uncommon	Enchantment Creature – Bird Cleric 	86	B	4BB	You may cast this spell for 1BB. If you do, sacrifice it when it enters the battlefield.NEWLINEFlyingNEWLINEWhen Carrion High Priest enters the battlefield, you draw two cards and you lose 2 life.	3/3		normal	KND		\nStolen Secrets	B	uncommon	Sorcery	115	B	B	Choose a nonland card type. Target player reveals their hand. You choose a card of the chosen type from it. That player discards that card.			normal	KND		f!reprint\nAs the King Decrees	B	uncommon	Sorcery	83	B	1B	Destroy target nonenchantment creature.			normal	KND		\nMemories of Agony	B	uncommon	Sorcery	105	B	2BB	Target creature gets -5/-5 until end of turn.NEWLINEConscript a Rebel. (Look at the top four cards of your library. Reveal a Rebel from them and put it into your hand or create a 1/1 Rebel token. Put the rest on the bottom.)			normal	KND		\nLiturgy in Smoke	B	uncommon	Enchantment	102	B	2B	Concord – During each of your turns, if there are four or more card types among permanents you control, you may cast a copy of a creature or planeswalker card in your graveyard by exiling that card and paying life equal to its mana value rather than paying its mana cost.			normal	KND		\nTwirling Duelist	R	uncommon	Creature – Human Warrior 	160	R	1R	ProwessNEWLINEPlayers can’t gain life.	2/2		normal	KND		\nDust Conjurer	R	uncommon	Creature – Human Rebel 	135	R	1R	Whenever Dust Conjurer attacks, other attacking creatures you control get +1/+0 until end of turn.	2/1		adventure	KND		Sun Dance	R	Sorcery – Tale 	R	4RR	Create three 1/1 red Sand creature tokens. They gain haste. Sacrifice those tokens at end of turn. (Cast a copy of this once while this is on the battlefield.)				\nKindled Tracker	R	uncommon	Creature – Human Rebel Scout 	143	R	2R	When Kindled Tracker enters the battlefield, create a tapped colorless Desert land token with “T: Add C.”NEWLINEWhen Kindled Tracker dies, sacrifice a land.	3/2		normal	KND		\nSteppe Stalker	R	uncommon	Creature – Dog 	156	R	2RR	Concord – Whenever Steppe Stalker attacks, if there are four or more card types among permanents you control, creatures you control gain “When this creature dies, it deals 1 damage to any target” until end of turn.	4/4		normal	KND		\nNdengo Brutalizer	R	uncommon	Enchantment Creature – Ox Warrior 	146	R	4R	When Ndengo Brutalizer enters the battlefield, choose it and another target creature you control. Teach one first strike and the other trample. (Put a counter of that kind on it. If it already has that ability, put a +1/+1 counter on it instead.)	5/4		normal	KND		\nBadland Savage	R	uncommon	Enchantment Creature – Cat Warrior 	126	R	3R	HasteNEWLINEAt the beginning of your end step, return Badland Savage to its owner’s hand.	5/3		adventure	KND		The Hunt	R	Sorcery – Tale 	R	1R	The Hunt deals 2 damage to target opponent. (Cast a copy of this once while this is on the battlefield.)				\nFires of Renewal	R	uncommon	Instant	140	R	2R	Fires of Renewal deals 2 damage to each creature. Create a Treasure token.			normal	KND		f!reprint\nFeral Ambush	R	uncommon	Instant	138	R	XR	Feral Ambush deals X damage to target creature or planeswalker.NEWLINEConcord – If there are four or more card types among permanents you control, Feral Ambush deals twice X damage instead.			normal	KND		\nWave-Bladed Sword	R	uncommon	Artifact – Equipment 	161	R	R	Equipped creature gets +1/+1 and has haste.NEWLINEEquip R			adventure	KND		Battle of Kilima	R	Sorcery – Tale 	R	XR	Target creature you control gets +X/+0 until end of turn.  (Cast a copy of this once while this is on the battlefield.)				\nSandspout	R	uncommon	Instant	153	R	2R	Sandspout deals 4 damage to target creature.NEWLINEAdd a 4/3 blue and red Sand Shark creature token with prowess to your bestiary. (If you would create a creature token, you may instead put one into play from your bestiary.)			normal	KND		\nRunic Memoirs	R	uncommon	Artifact	151	R	1R	When Runic Memoirs enters the battlefield, you may discard a card. If you do, draw two cards.NEWLINE2, T, Sacrifice Runic Memoirs: The next time you cast a Tale this turn, copy it. You may choose new targets for the copy.			normal	KND		\nPatron of Twigs	G	uncommon	Enchantment Creature – Mouse Warrior 	189	G	2G	When Patron of Twigs enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 white Mouse creature token.	2/2		adventure	KND		Growth Arc	G	Sorcery – Tale 	G	2G	Put X +1/+1 counters on target creature, where X is the number of creatures you control. (Cast a copy of this once while this is on the battlefield.)				\nDisciple of the Wilds	G	uncommon	Creature – Human Rebel Shaman 	174	G	1G	Whenever you put a keyword counter on Disciple of the Wilds, put a +1/+1 counter on Disciple of the Wilds.	3/2		normal	KND		\nAmidi Beastspeaker	G	uncommon	Creature – Human Druid 	164	G	G	Deathtouch	1/1		adventure	KND		Circle of Life	G	Sorcery – Tale 	G	G	Discard a creature card. When you do, search your library for a creature card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.				\nFallow Cultivator	G	uncommon	Creature – Human Farmer 	176	G	1G	T: You may put a Desert card from your hand onto the battlefield tapped. When you do, draw a card.	0/3		normal	KND		\nColossal Cavalry	G	uncommon	Creature – Human Rebel 	170	G	3GG	TrampleNEWLINELandfall – Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, add a 4/4 green Elephant creature token with trample to your bestiary. (If you would create a creature token, you may instead put one into play from your bestiary.)	4/4		normal	KND		\nUnderbrush Ranger	G	uncommon	Enchantment Creature – Cat Archer 	199	G	3G	When Underbrush Ranger enters the battlefield, choose it and another target creature you control. Teach one reach and the other challenge. (Put a counter of that kind on it. If it already has that ability, put a +1/+1 counter on it instead. A creature with challenge can’t be blocked by more than one creature.)	3/4		normal	KND		\nPrairie Herd	G	uncommon	Creature – Ox 	190	G	4GG	Prairie Herd’s power and toughness are each equal to the number of lands you control.NEWLINEWhenever Prairie Herd enters the battlefield or attacks, reveal the top card of your library. If it’s a land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped. Otherwise, put it back on top or into your graveyard.	*/*		normal	KND		\nThird Order of the Ngodo	G	uncommon	Enchantment Creature – Mouse Army 	196	G	5GG	When Third Order of the Ngodo enters the battlefield, you gain 7 life.NEWLINEG, Exile Third Order of the Ngodo from your graveyard: Create a 1/1 white Mouse creature token. You gain 1 life.	7/7		normal	KND		\nMafusho Rites	G	uncommon	Enchantment	185	G	2G	When Mafusho Rites enters the battlefield, add two 0/0 black Shade creature tokens with “This creature gets +1/+1 for each creature card in your graveyard” to your bestiary. (If you would create a creature token, you may instead put one into play from your bestiary.)NEWLINEAt the beginning of your upkeep, you may mill two cards.			normal	KND		\nThe Sun Also Rises	G	uncommon	Sorcery	195	G	1G	Return target permanent card from your graveyard to your hand. You may play an additional land this turn.			normal	KND		\nGrit	G	uncommon	Enchantment – Aura 	181	G	G	Enchant creature you controlNEWLINEWhen Grit enters the battlefield, enchanted creature fights target creature you don’t control.NEWLINEEnchanted creature gets +1/+0.			normal	KND		\nLocus Sanctifier	WU	uncommon	Enchantment Creature – Bird Monk 	217	WU	2WU	FlyingNEWLINEWhen Locus Sanctifier enters the battlefield, you gain 3 life, scry 2, then draw a card.	2/2		normal	KND		\nThe Merchants of Shansa	WU	uncommon	Enchantment – Saga 	218	WU	1WU			The most accomplished artisans and craftsmen of Kahembo congregate at the Shansa Markets.NEWLINEExile up to one target artifact or creature you control until The Merchants of Shansa leaves the battlefield. Create a tapped Treasure token.NEWLINEWhenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control this turn, you may pay 1. If you do, draw a card.NEWLINEWhenever a creature enters the battlefield this turn, its controller may draw a card.	saga	KND		\nMsuji Patrol	UB	uncommon	Enchantment Creature – Lizard Rogue 	221	UB	1UB	FlashNEWLINEWhenever you cast your second spell each turn, put a +1/+1 counter on Msuji Patrol.NEWLINERemove a counter from Msuji Patrol: Target creature phases out. Activate only if Msuji Patrol is attacking. (Treat it and anything attached to it as though they don’t exist until its controller’s next turn.)	3/2		normal	KND		\nSwezi Steals the Moon	UB	uncommon	Enchantment – Saga 	234	UB	2UB			“The night is a time of great magic. Now we hold that power for all eternity.”NEWLINEExile the top three cards of each player’s library face-down. You may look at them at any time.NEWLINEYou may cast a card exiled with Swezi Steals the Moon with mana value 3 or less without paying its mana cost. If you don’t, draw a card.	saga	KND		\nSavannah Scavenger	BR	uncommon	Creature – Human Rebel 	228	BR	2BR	DeathtouchNEWLINEConcord – At the beginning of your upkeep, if there are four or more card types among permanents you control, you may exile the top card of your library. You may play that card from exile until you exile another card with Savannah Scavenger.	1/4		normal	KND		\nOnele Cheats Death	BR	uncommon	Enchantment – Saga 	225	BR	1BR			“The dead speak with silver tongues. I cared not for their croons of salvation, and met them instead with a fine silver of my own.”NEWLINEYou may have each player discard a card.NEWLINECreate a colorless artifact token named Razor’s Edge with “Attacking creatures you control get +1/+0.”NEWLINEReturn target creature card with mana value 2 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield. Teach it menace and haste. (Put a counter of that kind on it. If it already has that ability, put a +1/+1 counter on it instead.)	saga	KND		\nSteadfast Fennec	RG	uncommon	Creature – Fox 	233	RG	RG	VigilanceNEWLINESteadfast Fennec gets +2/+2 as long as you control two or more Deserts.NEWLINE4RG: Up to one target creature an opponent controls blocks this turn if able, and up to one target creature an opponent controls can’t block this turn.	1/1		normal	KND		\nAduru Discovers Ndengo	RG	uncommon	Enchantment – Saga 	202	RG	2RG			The ancient civilization held many tomes of lost lore ... and within them, Gods.NEWLINEDraw a card. You may put a Desert card from your hand onto the battlefield tapped.NEWLINEAduru Discovers Ndengo deals damage to up to one target creature or planeswalker equal to the number of lands you control.NEWLINECreate a 1/1 red Sand creature token.	saga	KND		\nRehengi Companion	WG	uncommon	Creature – Human Druid 	226	WG	GW	VigilanceNEWLINEWhen Rehengi Companion enters the battlefield, add two 2/2 white Bird creature tokens with flying to your bestiary. (If you would create a creature token, you may instead put one into play from your bestiary.)	2/2		normal	KND		\nHarvest of the Many	WG	uncommon	Enchantment – Saga 	214	WG	2GW			Mekini Oasis provides fruits and shelter for all, both big and small.NEWLINECreate two 1/1 white Mouse creature tokens.NEWLINEAdd two 4/4 green Elephant creature tokens with trample to your bestiary. (If you would create a creature token, you may instead put one into play from your bestiary.)NEWLINEPut a +1/+1 counter on each of up to two target creatures.	saga	KND		\nEdgeland General	WB	uncommon	Creature – Human Rebel 	211	WB	1WB	Whenever Edgeland General attacks, conscript a Rebel. (Look at the top four cards of your library. Reveal a Rebel from them and put it into your hand or create a 1/1 Rebel token. Put the rest on the bottom.)NEWLINE2, Sacrifice a creature: Edgeland General gains indestructible until end of turn.	3/1		normal	KND		\nKojo Joins the Cause	WB	uncommon	Enchantment – Saga 	215	WB	3WB			“Our city is already great. We need not the voices of heroes past to guide us to salvation.”NEWLINEYou may sacrifice another nonland permanent. When you do, destroy target nonland permanent an opponent controls that shares a type with the sacrificed permanent.NEWLINESearch your library for a Rebel permanent card with mana value 3 or less, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.NEWLINEEach opponent loses 3 life. You gain 3 life.	saga	KND		\nFalse Liege of Luxury	BG	uncommon	Enchantment Creature – Snake Noble 	213	BG	6BG	When False Liege of Luxury enters the battlefield, create two 3/2 black Snake creature tokens, then put a deathtouch counter on one and a lifelink counter on the other.NEWLINE1BG, Discard False Liege of Luxury: Create a 3/2 black Snake creature token, then put a deathtouch counter or a lifelink counter on it. Activate only as a sorcery.	3/2		normal	KND		\nNkosi Enters the Veil	BG	uncommon	Enchantment – Saga 	223	BG	3BG			“I have seen ... beyond. And it is glorious.”NEWLINEMill three cards. Create a 3/2 black Snake creature token.NEWLINEYou may sacrifice a creature. When you do, return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield.NEWLINEYou may have target creature you control fight target creature you don’t control.	saga	KND		\nSilkfeather Sage	UG	uncommon	Enchantment Creature – Bird Warrior 	231	UG	2GU	1GU: Teach target creature flying. Activate only as a sorcery. (Put a counter of that kind on it. If it already has that ability, put a +1/+1 counter on it instead.)NEWLINEWhenever Silkfeather Sage attacks, if it has two or more different types of counters on it, draw a card.	2/4		normal	KND		\nThe Three Rites of Ekere	UG	uncommon	Enchantment – Saga 	235	UG	GU			“When you have perfected the arts, you will be patient, you will be deft, and you will be merciless.”NEWLINECreate a 2/1 green and blue Frog creature token with ward 2.NEWLINETeach target creature you control your choice of vigilance, reach, or trample. (Put a counter of that kind on it. If it already has that ability, put a +1/+1 counter on it instead.)	saga	KND		\nDawn Fabulist	UR	uncommon	Creature – Human Wizard 	210	UR	1UR	Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, put a +1/+1 counter on Dawn Fabulist. If it’s a Tale, Dawn Fabulist can’t be blocked this turn.	2/1		adventure	KND		Fair Folklore	UR	Sorcery – Tale 	UR	1UR	Draw three cards, then discard two cards unless you discard a card with a Tale. (Cast a copy of this once while this is on the battlefield.)				\nRitual at Usi Wamane	UR	uncommon	Enchantment – Saga 	227	UR	UR			Saada took the stage at twilight and danced so beautifully the sky wept.NEWLINEScry 2.NEWLINEThe next time you cast an instant or sorcery spell this turn, draw a card.NEWLINEThe next time you cast an instant or sorcery spell this turn, Ritual at Usi Wamane deals 3 damage to any target.	saga	KND		\nChieftain's Warden	WR	uncommon	Creature – Human Warrior 	209	WR	2RW	0: Attach target equipment you control to Chieftain’s Warden. Activate only as a sorcery.NEWLINEConcord – Whenever Chieftain’s Warden attacks, if there are four or more card types among permanents you control, it gains first strike and lifelink until end of turn.	4/3		normal	KND		\nAkelo Forges Moyoku	WR	uncommon	Enchantment – Saga 	203	WR	1RW			Akelo searched far and wide and did not find a weapon to his needs, so he forged his own blade fit to slay a myth.NEWLINESearch your library for an Equipment card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.NEWLINEYou may put an Equipment card from your hand onto the battlefield. Until end of turn, equip abilities you activate cost 3 less.NEWLINEEquipped creatures you control gain vigilance and double strike until end of turn.	saga	KND		\nDirective Replicator		uncommon	Artifact Creature – Sand Construct 	240	C	1	Once each turn, whenever you teach another creature an ability, teach Directive Replicator that ability. (Put a counter of that kind on it. If it already has that ability, put a +1/+1 counter on it instead.)	1/1		normal	KND		\nSurging Sandslide		uncommon	Artifact Creature – Sand Construct 	257	C	4	When Surging Sandslide dies, create three 1/1 red Sand creature tokens.	3/3		normal	KND		\nOverseer of the Vast		uncommon	Artifact Creature – Sand Construct 	251	C	8	This spell costs 1 less to cast for each Desert you control.NEWLINEVigilance	8/8		normal	KND		\nThe Maker's Mask		uncommon	Artifact	248	C	2	3, T: Conscript a Rebel. (Look at the top four cards of your library. Reveal a Rebel from them and put it into your hand or create a 1/1 Rebel token. Put the rest on the bottom.)			normal	KND		\nHorn of Reflection		uncommon	Artifact	245	C	1	When Horn of Reflection enters the battlefield, you gain 2 life.NEWLINE1, T, Exile Horn of Reflection: Shuffle any number of cards from your graveyard into your library. Draw a card.			normal	KND		\nWarped Wilds		uncommon	Land – Desert 	278	C		T: Add C.NEWLINE1: Warped Wilds becomes a 1/1 Sand creature until end of turn.			adventure	KND		Distortion		Sorcery – Tale 	C	6	Put three +1/+1 counters on target permanent you control.				\nThe God Hand		uncommon	Legendary Land – Desert 	271	C		The God Hand enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINET: Add C.NEWLINEWhenever The God Hand or another Desert enters the battlefield under your control, if you control five or more Deserts with different names, create a 1/1 red Sand creature token.			normal	KND		\nDesolate Tract		uncommon	Land – Desert 	268	C		T: Add C.NEWLINET, Sacrifice Desolate Tract: Destroy target land an opponent controls with an activated ability that isn’t a mana ability. You and that land’s controller each create a colorless Desert land token with “T: Add C.”			normal	KND		\nVillage Matron	W	common	Creature – Human Citizen 	40	W	W	When Village Matron dies, conscript a Rebel. (Look at the top four cards of your library. Reveal a Rebel from them and put it into your hand or create a 1/1 Rebel token. Put the rest on the bottom.)	1/1		normal	KND		\nSigil Seeker	W	common	Creature – Human Rebel Scout 	30	W	1W	Sacrifice Sigil Seeker: Destroy target noncreature enchantment.	3/1		normal	KND		\nAlluring Raconteur	W	common	Creature – Human Rebel Bard 	2	W	1W		2/1		adventure	KND		New Light Shines	W	Sorcery – Tale 	W	3W	Search your library for a Rebel permanent card with mana value 3 or less, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle. (Cast a copy of this once while this is on the battlefield.)				\nSpearfang Campaigner	W	common	Enchantment Creature – Cat Warrior 	34	W	1W	When Spearfang Campaigner enters the battlefield, add a 2/2 red Cat creature token with first strike to your bestiary. (If you would create a creature token, you may instead put one into play from your bestiary.)	2/2		normal	KND		\nIndignant Lionheart	W	common	Creature – Human Rebel 	16	W	2W	When Indignant Lionheart enters the battlefield, conscript a Rebel. (Look at the top four cards of your library. Reveal a Rebel from them and put it into your hand or create a 1/1 Rebel token. Put the rest on the bottom.)	2/2		normal	KND		\nPalace Retainer	W	common	Creature – Human Soldier 	21	W	2W	When Palace Retainer enters the battlefield, you may return another target nonland permanent you control to its owner’s hand. When you do, you gain 3 life.	3/2		normal	KND		\nTwilight Nomad	W	common	Enchantment Creature – Turtle Shaman 	37	W	2W	1, T: Tap target creature.	1/4		normal	KND		\nKhazran Recruiter	W	common	Creature – Human Rebel 	18	W	3W	Whenever Khazran Recruiter attacks, create a 1/1 white and black Rebel creature token that’s tapped and attacking.NEWLINE4W: Creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn.	3/3		normal	KND		\nRehengi Falconer	W	common	Creature – Human Druid 	27	W	3W	When Rehengi Falconer enters the battlefield, create a 2/2 white Bird creature token with flying, then add another to your bestiary. (If you would create a creature token, you may instead put one into play from your bestiary.)	1/1		normal	KND		\nFestooned Eagle	W	common	Creature – Bird 	11	W	3W	FlyingNEWLINEConcord – Festooned Eagle has lifelink as long as there are four or more card types among permanents you control.	3/2		normal	KND		\nUchana General	W	common	Enchantment Creature – Ox Warrior 	38	W	4W	VigilanceNEWLINEWhenever Uchana General attacks, tap target nonenchantment creature defending player controls.	4/4		normal	KND		\nTemple Training	W	common	Sorcery	36	W	W	Create a 1/1 white and black Rebel creature token, then teach a creature you control first strike. (Put a counter of that kind on it. If it already has that ability, put a +1/+1 counter on it instead.)			normal	KND		\nStrength of Spirits	W	common	Instant	35	W	1W	Teach target creature you control lifelink. It gains indestructible until end of turn. (Put a counter of that kind on it. If it already has that ability, put a +1/+1 counter on it instead.)			normal	KND		\nSee Past the Veil	W	common	Instant	29	W	1W	You gain 4 life.NEWLINEConscript a Rebel. (Look at the top four cards of your library. Reveal a Rebel from them and put it into your hand or create a 1/1 Rebel token. Put the rest on the bottom.)			normal	KND		\nSpear Volley	W	common	Instant	33	W	1W	Spear Volley deals 3 damage to target tapped creature.NEWLINEConcord – Spear Volley deals 5 damage to that creature instead if there are four or more card types among permanents you control.			normal	KND		\nChannel the Microcosmos	W	common	Sorcery	7	W	1W	Choose one or both –NEWLINE• Exile target permanent with mana value 4 or greater.NEWLINE• Exile target creature you control, then return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control.			normal	KND		\nProvisional Machete	W	common	Kindred Artifact – Rebel Equipment 	24	W	1W	When Provisional Machete enters the battlefield, attach it to target Rebel creature you control.NEWLINEEquipped creature gets +2/+1.NEWLINEEquip 3			normal	KND		\nBound in Silence	W	common	Kindred Enchantment – Rebel Aura 	5	W	2W	Enchant creatureNEWLINEEnchanted creature can’t attack or block.			normal	KND		f!reprint\nSophic Augur	U	common	Creature – Human Wizard 	73	U	U	When Sophic Augur enters the battlefield, look at the top two cards of your library. Put one into your graveyard and the other back on top.	0/3		adventure	KND		Days of Yore	U	Sorcery – Tale 	U	3U	Return target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard to your hand. (Cast a copy of this once while this is on the battlefield.)				\nSugar-Cane Cultivators	U	common	Creature – Human Farmer 	76	U	1U	When Sugar-Cane Cultivators enters the battlefield, create a 0/3 colorless Scarecrow artifact creature token with reach.NEWLINEConcord – T: Target player mills two cards. Activate only if there are four or more card types among permanents you control.	1/1		normal	KND		\nMekini Eremite	U	common	Enchantment Creature – Turtle Monk 	62	U	2U	Mekini Eremite enters the battlefield with a shield counter on it. (If it would be dealt damage or destroyed, remove a shield counter from it instead.)NEWLINEMekini Eremite can’t be blocked as long as it has two or more different types of counters on it.	3/1		normal	KND		\nIllusion Evoker	U	common	Creature – Human Rebel Bard 	60	U	1U		1/3		adventure	KND		Twilit Dream	U	Sorcery – Tale 	U	1U	Look at the top three cards of your library. Put one into your hand and the rest on the bottom in any order. (Cast a copy of this once while this is on the battlefield.)				\nSorcerer's Familiar	U	common	Creature – Bird 	74	U	1U	FlyingNEWLINEWhenever you cast your second spell each turn, Sorcerer’s Familiar gets +2/+0 until end of turn.	1/2		normal	KND		\nSkywise Mentor	U	common	Creature – Human Rebel 	72	U	2U	When Skywise Mentor enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 white and black Rebel creature token. If Skywise Mentor was the second spell you cast this turn, teach that token flying. (Put a counter of that kind on it. If it already has that ability, put a +1/+1 counter on it instead.)	1/3		normal	KND		\nDeep-Dune Stirrer	U	common	Creature – Human Rebel Wizard 	55	U	3U	When Deep-Dune Stirrer enters the battlefield, add a 4/3 blue and red Sand Shark creature token with prowess to your bestiary. (If you would create a creature token, you may instead put one into play from your bestiary.)	2/4		normal	KND		\nAspiring Astronomer	U	common	Creature – Human Wizard 	43	U	3U	This spell costs 2 less to cast if you cast an instant or sorcery spell this turn.NEWLINEVigilance	3/3		normal	KND		\nFrostbeak Mystic	U	common	Enchantment Creature – Bird Wizard 	58	U	2U	FlyingNEWLINEWhenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, you may draw a card. If you do, discard a card.	2/1		adventure	KND		The Winds Shift	U	Sorcery – Tale 	U	U	Teach target creature you control flying. (Put a counter of that kind on it. If it already has that ability, put a +1/+1 counter on it instead.)				\nNightfall Raptor	U	common	Enchantment Creature – Bird Rogue 	63	U	4U	FlyingNEWLINEWhen Nightfall Raptor enters the battlefield, return up to one target nonenchantment creature to its owner’s hand.	3/2		normal	KND		\nWarding Hex	U	common	Instant	79	U	U	Target creature you control gains hexproof until end of turn. Put a shield counter on it. (If it would be dealt damage or destroyed, remove a shield counter from it instead.)			normal	KND		\nSecrets of the Undercity	U	common	Sorcery	69	U	U	Teach target creature you control vigilance. Until end of turn, it gets +1/+0 and can’t be blocked. (Put a counter of that kind on it. If it already has that ability, put a +1/+1 counter on it instead.)			normal	KND		\nCorporeal Dispute	U	common	Instant	50	U	1U	Counter target creature or enchantment spell unless its controller pays 4.			normal	KND		\nCroak Tales	U	common	Sorcery	51	U	2U	This spell costs 2 less to cast if you control a creature with a Tale.NEWLINEDraw two cards.			normal	KND		f!reprint\nCloudcatch	U	common	Sorcery	48	U	2U	Return target creature to its owner’s hand. Draw a card.NEWLINEConcord – If there are four or more card types among permanents you control, that creature’s owner puts it on the top or bottom of their library instead.			normal	KND		\nSubduing Palm	U	common	Sorcery	75	U	1U	Tap up to one target creature. It doesn’t untap during its controller’s next untap step.NEWLINECreate a 2/1 green and blue Frog creature token with ward 2.			normal	KND		\nWhispers on the Wind	U	common	Instant	80	U	2UU	Counter target spell.NEWLINEConscript a Rebel. (Look at the top four cards of your library. Reveal a Rebel from them and put it into your hand or create a 1/1 Rebel token. Put the rest on the bottom.)			normal	KND		\nBewitching Glamour	U	common	Enchantment – Aura 	45	U	1U	FlashNEWLINEEnchant creatureNEWLINEWhen Bewitching Glamour enters the battlefield, if it’s your main phase, draw a card.NEWLINEEnchanted creature gets -3/-0.			normal	KND		\nHighland Huntress	B	common	Creature – Human Rebel 	97	B	B	MenaceNEWLINEWhen Highland Huntress enters the battlefield, if it was the second spell you cast this turn, teach target creature you control menace. (Put a counter of that kind on it. If it already has that ability, put a +1/+1 counter on it instead.)	1/1		normal	KND		\nKhalfani Confidant	B	common	Creature – Human Cleric 	99	B	1B	FlashNEWLINEWhen Khalfani Confidant enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice a creature or discard a creature card. If you do, draw a card.	2/1		normal	KND		\nAcolyte of Unkindness	B	common	Creature – Human Rebel 	82	B	1B	Concord – Pay 2 life: Acolyte of Unkindness gets +2/+2 until end of turn. Activate only if there are four or more card types among permanents you control and only once each turn.	2/2		normal	KND		\nLooming Vulture	B	common	Creature – Bird 	103	B	2B	Flying, deathtouchNEWLINEWhen Looming Vulture enters the battlefield, mill three cards.	2/1		normal	KND		\nGutter Scoundrel	B	common	Enchantment Creature – Rat Cleric 	96	B	2B	When Gutter Scoundrel enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice a creature. When you do, choose creature, enchantment, or planeswalker, then each opponent sacrifices a permanent of the chosen type.	3/1		normal	KND		\nEternal Chaplain	B	common	Creature – Human Cleric 	90	B	2B	When Eternal Chaplain dies, put it on the bottom of its owner’s library.	3/2		adventure	KND		Sinister Seance	B	Sorcery – Tale 	B	1B	Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand. (Cast a copy of this once while this is on the battlefield.)				\nGloomrapt Ranger	B	common	Enchantment Creature – Bird Rogue 	95	B	3B	FlyingNEWLINEWhenever you cast your second spell each turn, each opponent loses 2 life and you gain 2 life.	2/3		normal	KND		\nSomber Anarchist	B	common	Creature – Human Rebel 	114	B	3B	When Somber Anarchist enters the battlefield, if a creature died this turn, conscript a Rebel. (Look at the top four cards of your library. Reveal a Rebel from them and put it into your hand or create a 1/1 Rebel token. Put the rest on the bottom.)	3/3		normal	KND		\nWayfaring Headhunter	B	common	Creature – Human Mercenary 	119	B	4B	Concord – When Wayfaring Headhunter enters the battlefield, if there are four or more card types among permanents you control, destroy target creature or planeswalker an opponent controls with mana value 3 or less.	3/3		normal	KND		\nMambu Temple Brute	B	common	Enchantment Creature – Crocodile Warrior 	104	B	4BB		6/5		adventure	KND		Perilous Stunt	B	Sorcery – Tale 	B	2B	Each opponent loses 3 life, discards a card, and sacrifices a creature. (Cast a copy of this once while this is on the battlefield.)				\nBy Blood and Venom	B	common	Instant	84	B	B	Until end of turn, target creature gains lifelink and “When this creature dies, return it to the battlefield tapped under its owner’s control.”			normal	KND		\nFall Prey to the Hunt	B	common	Sorcery	91	B	B	Target creature gets -3/-3 until end of turn.			normal	KND		\nCaress of Dark Fumes	B	common	Sorcery	85	B	1B	Mill three cards. You gain 3 life.NEWLINEAdd a 0/0 black Shade creature token with “This creature gets +1/+1 for each creature card in your graveyard” to your bestiary. (If you would create a creature token, you may instead put one into play from your bestiary.)			normal	KND		\nVisions of the Uprising	B	common	Sorcery	118	B	1B	Draw a card. You lose 1 life.NEWLINEConscript a Rebel. (Look at the top four cards of your library. Reveal a Rebel from them and put it into your hand or create a 1/1 Rebel token. Put the rest on the bottom.)			normal	KND		\nTomb of Alaj	B	common	Artifact	116	B	2B	When Tomb of Alaj enters the battlefield, target opponent discards two cards.NEWLINE1, Sacrifice Tomb of Alaj: Exile target player’s graveyard. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	KND		\nRevenant Cleave	B	common	Instant	111	B	4B	Concord – This spell costs 4 less to cast if there are four or more card types among permanents you control.NEWLINEExile target creature or planeswalker.			normal	KND		\nNo One Left Behind	B	common	Sorcery	107	B	4B	This spell costs 3 less to cast if it targets a creature card with mana value 3 or less.NEWLINEReturn target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield.			normal	KND		f!reprint\nGates of Ifeh	B	common	Kindred Enchantment – Rebel 	94	B	2B	Whenever you attack, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.NEWLINE2B, Sacrifice Gates of Ifeh: Each opponent loses 3 life and you gain 3 life.			normal	KND		\nScreeching Rabble-Rousers	R	common	Enchantment Creature – Lizard Berserker 	154	R	R	Once each turn, whenever another creature enters the battlefield under your control, teach that creature haste. (Put a counter of that kind on it. If it already has that ability, put a +1/+1 counter on it instead.)	1/1		normal	KND		\nBushland Militant	R	common	Creature – Human Rebel 	130	R	1R	When Bushland Militant enters the battlefield, create a colorless Equipment artifact token with “Equipped creature gets +2/+0” and equip 2.	2/2		normal	KND		\nStudent of Korongo	R	common	Creature – Human Warrior 	157	R	1R	Menace, hasteNEWLINEConcord – R: Student of Korongo gets +2/+0 until end of turn. Activate only if there are four or more card types among permanents you control and only once each turn.	1/2		normal	KND		\nAmidi Legionnaire	R	common	Creature – Human Warrior 	123	R	1R	Amidi Legionnaire has first strike as long as it’s attacking.	2/1		adventure	KND		Ride at Dawn	R	Sorcery – Tale 	R	4R	Creatures you control get +2/+0 until end of turn. (Cast a copy of this once while this is on the battlefield.)				\nMsuji Arsonist	R	common	Enchantment Creature – Lizard Archer 	144	R	2R	When Msuji Arsonist enters the battlefield, choose one –NEWLINE• Destroy target artifact.NEWLINE• Return target artifact card from your graveyard to your hand.	2/1		normal	KND		\nDust Puppeteer	R	common	Creature – Human Shaman 	136	R	2R	When Dust Puppeteer enters the battlefield, if you control a Desert, create a 1/1 red Sand creature token.	3/2		normal	KND		\nBrazen Firedancer	R	common	Creature – Human Rebel Bard 	129	R	2R	Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, Brazen Firedancer deals 1 damage to each opponent.	3/1		adventure	KND		Yamoto Eruption	R	Sorcery – Tale 	R	1R	Discard up to two cards, then draw that many cards. (Cast a copy of this once while this is on the battlefield.)				\nTomb Bandit	R	common	Creature – Human Rogue 	159	R	3R	When Tomb Bandit enters the battlefield, create a Treasure token.	3/3		adventure	KND		Firespike Trap	R	Sorcery – Tale 	R	7R	Firespike Trap deals 5 damage to any target. (Cast a copy of this once while this is on the battlefield.)				\nBarrelling Cavalry	R	common	Creature – Human Rebel 	127	R	3R	Concord – Whenever Barrelling Cavalry attacks, if there are four or more card types among permanents you control, target creature defending player controls can’t block this turn.	4/3		normal	KND		\nRehengi Steed	R	common	Creature – Rhino 	148	R	4R	TrampleNEWLINEWhen Rehengi Steed enters the battlefield, conscript a Rebel. (Look at the top four cards of your library. Reveal a Rebel from them and put it into your hand or create a 1/1 Rebel token. Put the rest on the bottom.)	4/4		normal	KND		\nEdgeland Guardians	R	common	Enchantment Creature – Cat Warrior 	137	R	5R	ReachNEWLINEWhen Edgeland Guardians enters the battlefield, it deals damage to each opponent equal to the number of Deserts you control.	5/5		normal	KND		\nShock	R	common	Instant	155	R	R	Shock deals 2 damage to any target.			normal	KND		f!reprint\nChampion's Rage	R	common	Instant	133	R	1R	Target creature gains double strike until end of turn.NEWLINEConcord – If there are four or more card types among permanents you control, that creature gets +2/+0 until end of turn.			normal	KND		\nBetween Sun and Sand	R	common	Sorcery	128	R	1R	Create a 1/1 red Sand creature token.NEWLINEConscript a Rebel. (Look at the top four cards of your library. Reveal a Rebel from them and put it into your hand or create a 1/1 Rebel token. Put the rest on the bottom.)			normal	KND		\nSandshaping	R	common	Sorcery	152	R	1R	Destroy target land you control or nonbasic land. Its controller creates a colorless Desert land token with “T: Add C.”NEWLINEDraw a card.			normal	KND		\nAncestral Flame	R	common	Instant	124	R	2R	Ancestral Flame deals 3 damage to target creature or planeswalker. If you cast another instant or sorcery spell this turn, Ancestral Flame deals 6 damage to that permanent instead.			normal	KND		\nCitadel Pyre	R	common	Artifact	134	R	3R	When Citadel Pyre enters the battlefield, it deals 4 damage to target creature or planeswalker.NEWLINER, Sacrifice Citadel Pyre, Discard a card: Draw a card.			normal	KND		\nAudience Participation	R	common	Enchantment – Aura 	125	R	3R	Enchant creatureNEWLINEWhen Audience Participation enters the battlefield, gain control of enchanted creature until end of turn. Untap it. It gains haste until end of turn.NEWLINEEnchanted creature can’t block.			normal	KND		\nMegafauna Tracker	G	common	Creature – Human Rebel Scout 	187	G	1G	Megafauna Tracker gets +1/+2 as long as you control six or more lands.	2/1		adventure	KND		A Gentle Herd	G	Sorcery – Tale 	G	5G	Add two 4/4 green Elephant creature tokens with trample to your bestiary. (If you would create a creature token, you may instead put one into play from your bestiary.)				\nField Pioneer	G	common	Enchantment Creature – Mouse Scout 	177	G	1G	When Field Pioneer enters the battlefield, mill three cards, then you may return a land card from your graveyard to your hand.	1/1		normal	KND		\nEdgeland Sentry	G	common	Creature – Human Scout 	175	G	1G	When Edgeland Sentry enters the battlefield, teach target creature you control vigilance. (Put a counter of that kind on it. If it already has that ability, put a +1/+1 counter on it instead.)	2/2		normal	KND		\nSpeaker of the Pride	G	common	Creature – Human Druid 	193	G	2G	When Speaker of the Pride enters the battlefield, draw a card.NEWLINET: Add one mana of any type a Desert you control could produce.	2/2		normal	KND		\nSavage Silverback	G	common	Creature – Ape 	191	G	2G	Whenever a counter is put on Savage Silverback, it gains indestructible until end of turn.	3/3		normal	KND		\nAm'Atambi's Wildkin	G	common	Enchantment Creature – Spider Warrior 	163	G	2G	ReachNEWLINEWhen Am’Atambi’s Wildkin dies, teach target creature you control reach. (Put a counter of that kind on it. If it already has that ability, put a +1/+1 counter on it instead.)	4/1		normal	KND		\nSlimefoot Knight	G	common	Enchantment Creature – Frog Knight 	192	G	3G	Ward 2 (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player pays 2.)	3/2		adventure	KND		Hop-Along	G	Sorcery – Tale 	G	1G	Create a 2/1 green and blue Frog creature token with ward 2. (Cast a copy of this once while this is on the battlefield.)				\nLoyal Strongjaw	G	common	Creature – Hippo 	184	G	3G	Whenever Loyal Strongjaw attacks, if it has two or more different types of counters on it, you gain 4 life.	4/4		normal	KND		\nBroadhide Patrol	G	common	Creature – Human Rebel 	167	G	4G	Challenge (This creature can’t be blocked by more than one creature.)	5/3		adventure	KND		The Crash	G	Sorcery – Tale 	G	3G	Until end of turn, target creature you control gets +2/+2, gains trample, and must be blocked if able. (Cast a copy of this once while this is on the battlefield.)				\nHulking Herdleader	G	common	Creature – Elephant 	183	G	6GG	2G, Discard Hulking Herdleader: Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt this turn.	10/10		normal	KND		\nConqueror's Mentality	G	common	Instant	171	G	G	Target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each Desert you control.			normal	KND		\nTrials of the Tiny	G	common	Sorcery	198	G	G	Create a 1/1 white Mouse creature token, then teach a creature you control deathtouch. (Put a counter of that kind on it. If it already has that ability, put a +1/+1 counter on it instead.)			normal	KND		\nThundering Charge	G	common	Instant	197	G	1G	Target creature gets +3/+3 until end of turn. Teach it trample. (Put a counter of that kind on it. If it already has that ability, put a +1/+1 counter on it instead.)			normal	KND		\nBroken Wings	G	common	Instant	168	G	2G	Destroy target artifact, enchantment, or creature with flying.			normal	KND		f!reprint\nBarren Passage	G	common	Sorcery	165	G	2G	As an additional cost to cast this spell, pay 2 or sacrifice a land.NEWLINESearch your library for a basic land card and a Desert card, put them onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	KND		\nUnweave the Tangle	G	common	Sorcery	200	G	2G	Mill five cards. Return up to one creature card and up to one land card milled this way from your graveyard to your hand.			normal	KND		\nCrush Underfoot	G	common	Instant	173	G	3G	Target creature you control deals damage equal to its power to target creature you don’t control. Add a 4/4 green Elephant creature token with trample to your bestiary. (If you would create a creature token, you may instead put one into play from your bestiary.)			normal	KND		\nMark of the Brigade	G	common	Enchantment – Aura 	186	G	1G	Enchant creatureNEWLINEEnchanted creature gets +2/+2.NEWLINEWhen enchanted creature dies, create a 1/1 white Mouse creature token.			normal	KND		\nConsecrated Statuary		common	Artifact	239	C	1	6, T, Sacrifice Consecrated Statuary: Destroy target nonland permanent.			normal	KND		\nProphetic Prism		common	Artifact	252	C	2	When Prophetic Prism enters the battlefield, draw a card.NEWLINE1, T: Add one mana of any color.			normal	KND		f!reprint\nDune Scrapper		common	Artifact Creature – Sand Construct 	242	C	3	When Dune Scrapper enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a basic land card or Desert card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.	1/1		normal	KND		\nSandstone Sentinels		common	Artifact Creature – Sand Construct 	253	C	5	When Sandstone Sentinels enters the battlefield, create a tapped colorless Desert land token with “T: Add C.”NEWLINE9: Sandstone Sentinels has base power and toughness 9/9 until end of turn.	3/3		normal	KND		\nTrumpeting Caravan		common	Artifact – Vehicle 	260	C	5	TrampleNEWLINEWhen Trumpeting Caravan enters the battlefield, add a 4/4 green Elephant creature token with trample to your bestiary. (If you would create a creature token, you may instead put one into play from your bestiary.)NEWLINECrew 4	7/7		normal	KND		\nStaff of M'Gana		common	Artifact – Equipment 	255	C	1	Whenever equipped creature attacks, create a Treasure token. If equipped creature is equipped with Mask of M’Gana and Shawl of M’Gana, draw a card.NEWLINEEquip 2			normal	KND		\nMask of M'Gana		common	Artifact – Equipment 	249	C	2	Equipped creature has vigilance and menace.NEWLINEAs long as equipped creature is equipped with Shawl of M’Gana and Staff of M’Gana, prevent all combat damage that would be dealt to it.NEWLINEEquip 2			normal	KND		\nShawl of M'Gana		common	Artifact – Equipment 	254	C	3	When Shawl of M’Gana enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 white and black Rebel creature token, then attach Shawl of M’Gana to it.NEWLINEEquipped creature gets +1/+1. If it’s equipped with Mask of M’Gana and Staff of M’Gana, it gets +3/+3 instead.NEWLINEEquip 2			normal	KND		\nVibrant Headland		common	Land – Desert 	277	C		Vibrant Headland enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINEWhen Vibrant Headland enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you pay 1.NEWLINET: Add one mana of any color.			normal	KND		f!reprint\nForsaken Sanctuary		common	Land – Desert 	270	C		T: Add C.NEWLINE4, T, Sacrifice Forsaken Sanctuary: Create two 1/1 red Sand creature tokens. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	KND		\nDunesea Expanse		common	Land – Desert 	269	WU		Dunesea Expanse enters the battlefield tapped unless you control another Desert.NEWLINET: Add W or U.			normal	KND		f!reprintNEWLINE!landslot\nCrumbling Aqueduct		common	Land – Desert 	266	UB		Crumbling Aqueduct enters the battlefield tapped unless you control another Desert.NEWLINET: Add U or B.			normal	KND		f!reprintNEWLINE!landslot\nBloodsand Gulch		common	Land – Desert 	264	BR		Bloodsand Gulch enters the battlefield tapped unless you control another Desert.NEWLINET: Add B or R.			normal	KND		f!reprintNEWLINE!landslot\nBlooming Needles		common	Land – Desert 	265	RG		Blooming Needles enters the battlefield tapped unless you control another Desert.NEWLINET: Add R or G.			normal	KND		f!reprintNEWLINE!landslot\nSundappled Scrub		common	Land – Desert 	275	WG		Sundappled Scrub enters the battlefield tapped unless you control another Desert.NEWLINET: Add G or W.			normal	KND		f!reprintNEWLINE!landslot\nDesiccated Trail		common	Land – Desert 	267	WB		Desiccated Trail enters the battlefield tapped unless you control another Desert.NEWLINET: Add W or B.			normal	KND		f!reprintNEWLINE!landslot\nRot-Sand Ruins		common	Land – Desert 	274	BG		Rot-Sand Ruins enters the battlefield tapped unless you control another Desert.NEWLINET: Add B or G.			normal	KND		f!reprintNEWLINE!landslot\nNestled Delta		common	Land – Desert 	272	UG		Nestled Delta enters the battlefield tapped unless you control another Desert.NEWLINET: Add G or U.			normal	KND		f!reprintNEWLINE!landslot\nArcane Oasis		common	Land – Desert 	262	UR		Arcane Oasis enters the battlefield tapped unless you control another Desert.NEWLINET: Add U or R.			normal	KND		f!reprintNEWLINE!landslot\nArid Causeway		common	Land – Desert 	263	WR		Arid Causeway enters the battlefield tapped unless you control another Desert.NEWLINET: Add R or W.			normal	KND		f!reprintNEWLINE!landslot\nReflecting Canyon		common	Land – Desert 	273	C		When Reflecting Canyon enters the battlefield, you lose 2 life, then choose two colors.NEWLINET: Add one mana of either of the chosen colors.			normal	KND		\nPlains		common	Basic Land – Plains 	279	C					normal	KND		\nIsland		common	Basic Land – Island 	281	C					normal	KND		\nSwamp		common	Basic Land – Swamp 	283	C					normal	KND		\nMountain		common	Basic Land – Mountain 	285	C					normal	KND		\nForest		common	Basic Land – Forest 	287	C					normal	KND		\nPlains		common	Basic Land – Plains 	280	C					normal	KND		\nIsland		common	Basic Land – Island 	282	C					normal	KND		\nSwamp		common	Basic Land – Swamp 	284	C					normal	KND		\nMountain		common	Basic Land – Mountain 	286	C					normal	KND		\nForest		common	Basic Land – Forest 	288	C					normal	KND		\nMouse	W	common	Token Creature – Mouse 	4	W			1/1		token	KND		\nBird Knight	W	common	Token Creature – Bird Knight 	3	W		Lifelink	2/2		token	KND		\nBird	W	common	Token Creature – Bird 	2	W		Flying	2/2		token	KND		\nBird Warrior	U	common	Token Creature – Bird Warrior 	5	U			3/3		token	KND		\nShade	B	common	Token Creature – Shade 	6	B		This creature gets +1/+1 for each creature card in your graveyard.	0/0		token	KND		\nSnake	B	common	Token Creature – Snake 	7	B			3/2		token	KND		\nSand	R	common	Token Creature – Sand 	10	R			1/1		token	KND		\nBird Soldier	R	common	Token Creature – Bird Soldier 	8	R		Double strike	1/1		token	KND		\nSpider	G	common	Token Creature – Spider 	13	G		Reach	1/2		token	KND		\nElephant	G	common	Token Creature – Elephant 	12	G		Trample	4/4		token	KND		\nAll-Mother's Soul	G	common	Token Creature – Incarnation 	11	G		TrampleNEWLINEWhen All-Mother’s Soul enters the battlefield, add a token copy of All-Mother’s Soul to your bestiary.               	6/6		token	KND		\nRebel	WB	common	Token Creature – Rebel 	16	WB			1/1		token	KND		\nCat	R	common	Token Creature – Cat 	9	R		First strike	2/2		token	KND		\nSand Shark	UR	common	Token Creature – Sand Shark 	17	UR		Prowess	4/3		token	KND		\nFrog	UG	common	Token Creature – Frog 	15	UG		Ward 2	2/1		token	KND		\nArmy		common	Token Creature – Army 	14	WUBRG		This creature is all colors.	*/*		token	KND		\nSand Construct		common	Token Artifact Creature – Sand Construct 	21	C			3/3		token	KND		\nJwanga Djitu		common	Legendary Token Artifact Creature – Sand Construct 	19	C		Indestructible	10/10		token	KND		\nScarecrow		common	Token Artifact Creature – Scarecrow 	22	C		Reach	0/3		token	KND		\nTreasure		common	Token Artifact – Treasure 	23	C		T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.			token	KND		\nEquipment		common	Token Artifact – Equipment 	18	C		Equipped creature gets +2/+0.NEWLINEEquip 2			token	KND		\nRazor's Edge		common	Token Artifact	20	C		Attacking creatures you control get +1/+0.			token	KND		\nDesert		common	Token Land – Desert 	24	C		T: Add C.			token	KND		\nCopy		common	Token	1	C					token	KND		\nLijing, the Great Partisan	W	mythic	Legendary Creature – Elder Fox Spirit 	24	W	2WW	VigilanceNEWLINELijing has indestructible as long as a Fox entered the battlefield under your control this turn.NEWLINEWhenever an opponent draws a card, draw a card unless that player has you create a 2/1 red and white Fox creature token.	3/4		normal	NJB		\nHeping, Grand Pacifist	W	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker – Heping 	20	W	3WW			[+1]: Each player may draw a card. For each opponent who does, you gain 4 life.NEWLINE[-3]: Exile target nonland permanent. That card’s owner may pay 2 as a sorcery to put it into their hand as long as it remains exiled.NEWLINE[-8]: Target opponent gets an emblem with “Creatures you control lose all abilities and have base power and toughness 1/1.”	planeswalker	NJB	5	\nIng'Wei, Azure Empress	U	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker – Ing’Wei 	57	U	1UU			Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)NEWLINE[+1]: Scry 1. If you’re in a renaissance, draw a card.NEWLINE[-2]: Return target nonland permanent to its owner’s hand if its mana value is 3 or less or if you’re in a renaissance.NEWLINE[-6]: Create two 8/8 blue Kraken creature tokens. If you’re in a renaissance, take an extra turn after this one.	planeswalker	NJB	3	\nPanya, Who Dares to Dream	U	mythic	Legendary Creature – Mouse Warrior 	66	U	1U	Whenever Panya attacks, you may put an escapade counter on her, then you may cast an instant or sorcery card from your hand with mana value equal to the number of escapade counters on Panya without paying its mana cost.NEWLINE1U: Panya gains flying until end of turn.	2/1		normal	NJB		\nLizhao, Last Breath of the Yenzu	B	mythic	Legendary Creature – Elder Demon 	100	B	3BB	Flying, lifelinkNEWLINEOther Demons you control have flying and lifelink.NEWLINEIf you would create a creature token, you may pay 5 life to create a 5/5 black Demon creature token instead.	5/5		normal	NJB		\nForbidden Shiangshi Arts	B	mythic	Enchantment	92	B	1B	When Forbidden Shiangshi Arts enters the battlefield, each player mills three cards.NEWLINE2B: Exile target creature card from a graveyard. Create a tapped token that’s a copy of that card, except it has “When this creature deals damage, sacrifice it.”			normal	NJB		\nHao'Tai, the Reverent	R	mythic	Legendary Creature – Elder Dragon 	143	R	3RR	FlyingNEWLINEWhenever Hao’Tai deals combat damage to a player, that player exiles the top five cards of their library and separates them into two piles. Put an ember counter on each card in the pile of your choice. You may play cards from exile with ember counters for as long as they remain exiled.	5/5		normal	NJB		\nEntropic Inferno	R	mythic	Instant	134	R	3RR	Entropic Inferno deals 5 damage divided as you choose among any number of targets. At the beginning of the next end step, for each permanent dealt damage this way, its owner puts it on the bottom of their library, then reveals cards from the top until they reveal a nonland permanent card. They put that card onto the battlefield, then shuffle the rest.			normal	NJB		\nQiyan, Great Progenitor	G	mythic	Legendary Creature – Elder Hydra 	191	G	XGGG	TrampleNEWLINEQiyan enters the battlefield with twice X +1/+1 counters on them.NEWLINEIf damage would be dealt to Qiyan while they have a +1/+1 counter on them, prevent that damage, remove that many +1/+1 counters from Qiyan, and create a 0/0 green Hydra creature token with twice that many +1/+1 counters on it. 	0/0		normal	NJB		\nFoster the Future	G	mythic	Enchantment	178	G	2G	When Foster the Future enters the battlefield, create a 3/3 red Panda creature token.NEWLINEPanda creatures and Mao planeswalkers you control have “+2: Target creature you control gains vigilance until end of turn” and “-4: Creatures you control get +1/+1 and gain trample until end of turn.”			normal	NJB		\nHang Up Your Lanterns	WG	mythic	Enchantment	221	WG	2GW	Golden ageNEWLINE2GW: Create an Idol token. Prevent all damage that would be dealt to and dealt by target creature this turn.NEWLINEAt the beginning of your end step, if you’re in a renaissance and you control ten or more Idols, you win the game.			normal	NJB		\nWang Xi, Wishes on the Wind	WU	mythic	Legendary Creature – Drake 	246	WU	2WU	Flying, ward 3NEWLINEInspired – Whenever Wang Xi becomes untapped, choose a nonbasic card name, then reveal the top five cards of your library. Put all cards with the chosen name from among them into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.	4/3		normal	NJB		\nSwiftblade Ren	BR	mythic	Legendary Creature – Human Warrior 	244	BR	1BR	First strikeNEWLINEWhenever Ren deals combat damage to a player, you may pay 3 life to activate one of her abilities without paying its costs.NEWLINE1R, Discard a card: Draw a card.NEWLINE2B, Sacrifice a creature: Each opponent sacrifices a creature.	3/2		normal	NJB		\nGui, the Brinebearer	UG	mythic	Legendary Creature – Turtle Beast 	220	UG	1GU	Golden ageNEWLINEGui can’t attack or block unless you’re in a renaissance.NEWLINET: Reveal the top card of your library. If it’s a land card, put it onto the battlefield. Otherwise, put it back on top or into your graveyard and you gain 3 life.	5/6		normal	NJB		\nZou Meili, Cruel Justice	WB	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker – Zou 	255	WB	2WB			[+1]: Each opponent discards a card. If a land card is discarded this way, create a 1/1 colorless Spirit creature token with flying.NEWLINE[-2]: Until end of turn, creatures you control get +1/+1 and creatures your opponents control get -1/-1.NEWLINE[-6]: Each opponent chooses up to one permanent they control of each permanent type, then sacrifices the rest.	planeswalker	NJB	3	\nWei Ji, Life's Rhythm	BG	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker – Ji 	247	BG	2BG			[0]: Create a 2/2 green Panda Bear Monk creature token with “When this creature dies, put a loyalty counter on a Ji planeswalker you control.”NEWLINE[-2]: Each player sacrifices a nonland permanent. You may return a nonland permanent card from your graveyard to your hand.NEWLINE[-6]: You get an emblem with “Whenever a permanent you control dies, you may search you library for a card that shares a type with that permanent and put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.”	planeswalker	NJB	4	\nKiyoko of the Silver Mist	UB	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker – Kiyoko 	225	UB	1UB			[+1]: Create a 1/1 white Warrior creature token. Put a menace counter on it.NEWLINE[-2]: Draw a card for each tapped creature you control.NEWLINE[-5]: You get an emblem with “Creature cards in your hand have ‘1UB, Return an unblocked attacker you control to its owner’s hand: Put this card onto the battlefield tapped and attacking.’”	planeswalker	NJB	3	\nSeto San, Divine Heroine	WR	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker – Seto 	240	WR	4RW			[+1]: Create three 1/1 white Warrior creature tokens. They gain haste.NEWLINE[0]: Until end of turn, each creature and planeswalker you control becomes a 3/3 Warrior creature and gains indestructible.NEWLINE[-2]: Choose tapped or untapped. Seto San deals 3 damage to each creature with the chosen attribute.	planeswalker	NJB	4	\nAutumn Symphony	RG	mythic	Sorcery	208	RG	1RG	Distribute four +1/+1 counters among up to two target lands you control. Those lands become 0/0 Elemental creatures with haste until end of turn. If you’re attacking, tap those lands and they’re now attacking.NEWLINEShowcase 3RG			normal	NJB		\nMa'Long, the Skystorm	UR	mythic	Legendary Creature – Dragon 	228	UR	4UR	Flying, hasteNEWLINEWhenever Ma’Long deals combat damage to a player, draw a card, then add that much mana in any combination of U and R. Until end of turn, you don’t lose this mana as steps and phases end.NEWLINEInstant and sorcery cards in your hand have showcase. The showcase cost is equal to the card’s mana cost plus 2.	4/4		modal double faced	NJB		Boxue, Imperial Ally	UR	Legendary Planeswalker – Boxue 	UR	1UR			[+1]: Boxue deals 1 damage to each opponent. You may draw a card, then discard a card.NEWLINE[-1]: Create a Treasure token.NEWLINE[-5]: Copy the next spell you cast this turn. You may choose new targets for the copy. (A copied permanent spell becomes a token.)	3	\nKiri, Corporeal Conduit	W	rare	Legendary Creature – Fox Spirit 	22	W	1W	LifelinkNEWLINEWhenever one or more other creatures with power 2 or less enters the battlefield under your control, you gain 1 life. If your life total is greater than your starting life total, draw a card instead. This ability triggers only once each turn.	1/4		normal	NJB		\nGao'Wu, Humble Sibyl	W	rare	Legendary Creature – Human Bard 	16	W	1W	First strikeNEWLINENoncreature spells with mana value 3 or greater cost 1 more to cast.NEWLINECreatures with mana value 3 or greater enter the battlefield tapped.	2/1		normal	NJB		\nYujei, Zephyr Melodist	W	rare	Legendary Creature – Human Bard 	41	W	2W	FlyingNEWLINEWhen Yujei enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 white Bird creature token with flying.NEWLINE2W: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. It gains flying until end of turn. If it already has flying, put a +1/+1 counter on Yujei instead.	1/1		normal	NJB		\nCai Lan, the Puppeteer	W	rare	Legendary Creature – Human Bard 	6	W	1WW	VigilanceNEWLINEWhen Cai Lan enters the battlefield, exile target nonland permanent an opponent controls with mana value 2 or less. Its controller creates an Idol token.	2/3		normal	NJB		\nLi's Moonblades	W	rare	Legendary Artifact – Equipment 	25	W	2W	Equipped creature has double strike.NEWLINEWhenever equipped creature attacks, create an Idol token.NEWLINEAbilities of Idols you control that target equipped creature cost 1 less to activate.NEWLINEEquip 2W			normal	NJB		\nDiao of the Opal Infantry	W	rare	Legendary Creature – Human Warrior 	10	W	3WW	When Diao enters the battlefield, create two 1/1 white Warrior creature tokens.NEWLINEWhenever Diao attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on each attacking creature you control with the least power among those creatures.	3/4		normal	NJB		\nThe Great War Ends	W	rare	Sorcery	18	W	3WW	Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)NEWLINEIf you’re in a renaissance, you may have target creature or planeswalker gain indestructible until end of turn.NEWLINEDestroy all creatures and planeswalkers.			normal	NJB		\nChronicles of the Kitsune	W	rare	Enchantment – Gallery 	9	W	W			(Choose only one work as a sorcery to add its ability.)NEWLINEWhen Chronicles of the Kitsune enters the battlefield, create a 2/1 red and white Fox creature token.NEWLINE2W: Act I: AscentNEWLINECreature tokens you control get +1/+1 and have flying.NEWLINE3WW: Act II: DescentNEWLINEAt the beginning of your end step, if you control no creatures, create Hu Li, a legendary 4/4 white Fox Spirit creature token with flying and lifelink.	class	NJB		\nPainting Dolls	WU	rare	Instant	234	WU	1WU	Put a porcelain counter on each of up to one target creature and up to one target artifact. They become 3/3 colorless artifact creatures and lose all abilities.			normal	NJB		\nYenzu Blood Pact	WB	rare	Enchantment	252	WB	2WB	Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)NEWLINE1, Sacrifice a creature: Draw a card. Each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.NEWLINEWhenever you sacrifice a creature, if you’re in a renaissance, each opponent sacrifices a creature. This ability triggers only once each turn.			normal	NJB		\nYa'Ling, the Rune-Drake	WUG	rare	Legendary Creature – Drake 	251	WUG	1GWU	FlyingNEWLINEWhenever another creature enters the battlefield under your control, create an Idol token.NEWLINEWhenever you put a +1/+1 counter on Ya’Ling, put a +1/+1 on each other creature you control. This ability triggers only once each turn.	2/2		normal	NJB		\nWun Su, War's Muse	WBR	rare	Legendary Creature – Monkey Warrior 	249	WBR	1RWB	Vigilance, trampleNEWLINEPay 3 life: You choose how target creature attacks or blocks this turn. Activate only once each turn.	4/4		normal	NJB		\nOshin, Reef Warden	U	rare	Legendary Creature – Drake 	65	U	1U	FlashNEWLINEFlyingNEWLINEWhen Oshin enters the battlefield, counter target spell if its mana value is less than or equal to the number of spells you’ve cast this turn.	2/1		normal	NJB		\nElder Soothsayer Chian	U	rare	Legendary Creature – Human Wizard 	51	U	2U	Whenever Chian becomes the target of a spell or ability you control, create a 2/2 blue Drake creature token with flying. This ability triggers only once each turn.	3/2		normal	NJB		\nUshi Yun, the Curator	U	rare	Legendary Creature – Human Wizard 	80	U	1UU	Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)NEWLINEWhen Ushi Yun enters the battlefield, create an Idol token.NEWLINEAs long as you’re in a renaissance, artifacts you control have “T: Draw a card.”	1/3		normal	NJB		\nSun Yun, Master of Man	U	rare	Legendary Creature – Human Wizard 	78	U	2UU	You may have Sun Yun enter the battlefield as as copy of any creature on the battlefield, except her name is Sun Yun, Master of Man, she’s legendary in addition to her other types, and she has “2U: Exile Sun Yun, then return her to the battlefield under her owner’s control.”	1/3		normal	NJB		\nKan'Gi, High Tactician	U	rare	Legendary Creature – Human Warrior 	61	U	2UU	T: Gain control of target creature or planeswalker with mana value less than or equal to Kan’Gi’s power for as long as you control her.NEWLINEInspired – Whenever Kan’Gi becomes untapped, put a +1/+1 counter on her.	1/5		normal	NJB		\nShuilong Technique	U	rare	Sorcery	76	U	U	Draw a card. If this is the third spell you’ve cast this turn, create a 2/2 blue Drake creature token with flying. If this is the sixth spell you’ve cast this turn, exile it, then return up to three target instant and/or sorcery cards from your graveyard to your hand and untap up to six lands.			normal	NJB		\nPapier-Mâché Marvel	U	rare	Instant	67	U	2U	Exile target creature. If you controlled that creature, create a 4/4 red Dragon creature token with flying. Otherwise, its controller creates a 1/1 white Bird creature token with flying.NEWLINEShowcase 4U (Then if you cast this for its showcase cost, create a 1/1 red Bard creature token that can’t block and exile this. When that token attacks, you may cast a free copy of this.)			normal	NJB		\nJuyu Offering Pool	U	rare	Enchantment – Gallery 	59	U	1U			(Choose only one work as a sorcery to add its ability.)NEWLINEWhen Juyu Offering Pool enters the battlefield, reveal the top five cards of your library. You may put a noncreature card from among them into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.NEWLINE1U: Scales of SharaNEWLINEWhenever you cast a noncreature spell, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control.NEWLINE6UU: Eye of ShojiroNEWLINEWhenever you cast a noncreature spell, create an 8/8 blue Kraken creature token.	class	NJB		\nLin, the Opportunist	UB	rare	Legendary Creature – Human Rogue 	227	UB	2UB	FlashNEWLINEWhenever a creature you control deals combat damage to a player, create a Treasure token, then exile the top card of that player’s library. You may play cards exiled this way for as long as they remain exiled.	3/2		normal	NJB		\nDance of Dragons	UR	rare	Sorcery	214	UR	2UR	Dance of Dragons deals 4 damage divided as you choose among up to two targets. The first time one or more permanents dealt damage this way die this turn, draw a card.NEWLINEShowcase 5UR (Then if you cast this for its showcase cost, create a 1/1 red Bard creature token that can’t block and exile this. When that token attacks, you may cast a free copy of this.)			normal	NJB		\nFang Luo, the Astral Tide	WUB	rare	Legendary Creature – Dragon Spirit 	217	WUB	1WUB	FlashNEWLINEFlyingNEWLINEWhen Fang Luo enters the battlefield, exile target spell or creature an opponent controls with mana value 4 or less, then its owner puts it onto the battlefield face down. (It’s a 2/2 creature.)	2/3		normal	NJB		\nOshu of the Bosk	URG	rare	Legendary Creature – Beast 	233	URG	2GUR	TrampleNEWLINEWhenever Oshu deals combat damage to a player, gain control of target land that player controls. It becomes a 4/4 Elemental creature that’s still a land.NEWLINEAs long as you control eight or more lands, Oshu and land creatures you control get +2/+2.	5/5		normal	NJB		\nTzelin, Cabal Liturgist	B	rare	Legendary Creature – Human Wizard 	118	B	B	Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)NEWLINEWhenever a Demon enters the battlefield under your control, put a +1/+1 counter on Tzelin.NEWLINE2B, Sacrifice Tzelin: Each opponent loses life equal to Tzelin’s power. If you’re in a renaissance, draw that many cards.	1/2		normal	NJB		\nHa'Eng, Profane Scribe	B	rare	Legendary Creature – Human Wizard 	96	B	1B	Discard a card: Ha’Eng gains deathtouch until end of turn.NEWLINEInspired – Whenever Ha’Eng becomes untapped, look at the top card of your library and exile it face down. Then you may pay 3 life to put all cards exiled with Ha’Eng into your hand.	2/3		normal	NJB		\nKai'Jun, the Eradicator	B	rare	Legendary Creature – Demon 	97	B	2BB	Flying, trampleNEWLINEAt the beginning of combat on your turn, an opponent may sacrifice a creature. If they do, you may sacrifice a creature to repeat this process. If you don’t, tap Kai’Jun.	6/6		normal	NJB		\nKai'Long, the Call of the Dark	B	rare	Legendary Creature – Demon 	98	B	3BB	FlyingNEWLINEYou may cast black spells with mana value 3 or less by paying life equal to their mana values rather than paying their mana costs.NEWLINEB, Sacrifice another creature: You gain 3 life.	4/4		normal	NJB		\nKai'Zhou, the Purifier	B	rare	Legendary Creature – Human Demon 	99	B	1BB	MenaceNEWLINEWhen Kai’Zhou enters the battlefield, you may have all legendary permanents phase out until your next turn.NEWLINEWhenever Kai’Zhou deals combat damage to a player, they sacrifice a legendary permanent.	3/4		normal	NJB		\nBirth of the Yaozu	B	rare	Sorcery	86	B	3BB	Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)NEWLINEReturn target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield. If it was put there from the battlefield this turn, create a token that’s a copy of it. If you’re in a renaissance, create a token that’s a copy of it.			normal	NJB		\nThe Blood Sun Sets	B	rare	Instant	87	B	B	Until end of turn, target creature you control gains “T: Destroy target creature.”			normal	NJB		\nXie'e Amphitheatre	B	rare	Enchantment – Gallery 	121	B	1BB			(Choose only one work as a sorcery to add its ability.)NEWLINEWhen Xie’e Amphitheatre enters the battlefield, search your library for a card and exile it face down, then shuffle. You may cast that card on any turn you sacrificed a permanent.NEWLINEB: Intro: TogetherNEWLINEAt the beginning of your upkeep, you lose 1 life and create a 0/1 black Cultist creature token with “1BB, Sacrifice three Cultists: Create a 5/5 black Demon creature token.”NEWLINE2B: Finale: AloneNEWLINEWhenever a Demon enters the battlefield under your control, each opponent loses life equal to its power and you gain that much life.	class	NJB		\nXihuo, the Onyx Flame	BR	rare	Legendary Creature – Dragon 	250	BR	3BR	FlyingNEWLINEWhenever a player spends one or more mana to activate an ability that isn’t a mana ability, Xihuo deals 2 damage to each opponent.NEWLINEBR, Pay 2 life: Xihuo gains double strike until end of turn. Activate only once each turn.	2/4		normal	NJB		\nRuchong Awakening	BG	rare	Sorcery	239	BG	1BG	Create a 0/0 green Wurm creature token with “This creature gets +1/+1 for each permanent card in your graveyard.”NEWLINEIf you would draw a card, you may sacrifice two lands and mill two cards instead. If you do, return Ruchong Awakening from your graveyard to your hand.			normal	NJB		\nKai'Oro, Grave Betrayer	UBR	rare	Legendary Creature – Demon 	223	UBR	2UBR	Flying, ward 3NEWLINEWhenever Kai’Oro enters the battlefield or attacks, you may exile target nonland card with mana value 3 or less from any graveyard. Until end of turn, you may cast a copy of that card without paying its mana cost.	3/4		normal	NJB		\nThe Mythical Zhiwu	WBG	rare	Legendary Creature – Plant Beast 	231	WBG	WBG	The Mythical Zhiwu enters the battlefield with four +1/+1 counters on it.NEWLINE1, Remove a +1/+1 counter from a creature you control: Target creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn. Activate only as a sorcery.NEWLINE1, Remove a +1/+1 counter from a creature you control: Each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.	0/0		normal	NJB		\nJiu, Daughter of the Sun	R	rare	Legendary Creature – Fox Spirit 	146	R	1R	Other attacking Foxes you control get +1/+0.NEWLINE2R, Sacrifice Jiu: Discard your hand, then draw a card for each tapped Fox you control.	3/1		normal	NJB		\nElder General Hatsuo	R	rare	Legendary Creature – Human Warrior 	133	R	2R	Whenever Hatsuo attacks, if you control three or more attacking creatures, attacking creatures you control gain first strike until end of turn.NEWLINEInspired – Whenever Hatsuo becomes untapped, create a 1/1 white Warrior creature token. It gains haste and attacks this turn if able.	3/2		normal	NJB		\nMieng of the Pyre Waltz	R	rare	Legendary Creature – Human Wizard 	150	R	1RR	Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)NEWLINE1R: Mieng gains flying until end of turn.NEWLINEWhenever Mieng attacks, create a 4/4 red Dragon creature token with flying that’s tapped and attacking. Exile that token at end of combat unless you’re in a renaissance.	2/2		normal	NJB		\nTseng, the Shooting Star	R	rare	Legendary Creature – Dragon 	161	R	4RR	FlyingNEWLINELands you control have “T: Add RR. This land deals 2 damage to you.”NEWLINERRRRRR: Shuffle, then exile the top three cards of your library. You may cast one of them without paying its mana cost.	6/6		normal	NJB		\nNichang Yuyi	R	rare	Sorcery	151	R	1R	Draw a card. The next noncreature spell you cast this turn costs 2 less to cast.NEWLINEShowcase 3R (Then if you cast this for its showcase cost, create a 1/1 red Bard creature token that can’t block and exile this. When that token attacks, you may cast a free copy of this.)			normal	NJB		\nJudgment of Hao'Tai	R	rare	Sorcery	147	R	2RR	Judgment of Hao’Tai deals 4 damage to each non-Dragon creature.			normal	NJB		\nDragon Emperor's Chariot	R	rare	Legendary Artifact – Vehicle 	132	R	4RR	Flying, trampleNEWLINECrew 8NEWLINEWhen Dragon Emperor’s Chariot enters the battlefield, create a 4/4 red Dragon creature token with flying.NEWLINEWhenever Dragon Emperor’s Chariot attacks, it deals 4 damage divided as you choose among any number of targets.	10/10		normal	NJB		\nThe Art of War	R	rare	Enchantment – Gallery 	124	R	1RR			(Choose only one work as a sorcery to add its ability.)NEWLINEWhen The Art of War enters the battlefield, if a source you control would deal damage this turn, it deals double that damage instead.NEWLINE2RR: Laying PlansNEWLINEThe first time you attack each turn, untap each creature you control. After this phase, there is an additional combat phase.NEWLINE2RR: Waging WarNEWLINEWhenever a creature you control attacks, create a token copy of it that’s tapped and attacking, except the token isn’t legendary. Exile those tokens at end of combat.	class	NJB		\nOld Lord Xiusheng	RG	rare	Legendary Creature – Human Warrior 	232	RG	RG	Whenever a creature with power 4 or greater enters the battlefield under your control, it gains haste until end of turn.NEWLINET: Add R or G.NEWLINE4RG: Create a 4/4 red Dragon creature token with flying.	2/2		normal	NJB		\nQulai, Orchard Shepherd	WR	rare	Legendary Creature – Fox Spirit 	237	WR	1RW	When Qulai enters the battlefield, look at the top six cards of your library. You may reveal a Fox card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.NEWLINESacrifice Qulai: Foxes you control gain hexproof and indestructible until end of turn.	3/3		normal	NJB		\nCheng, Wild Tyrant	BRG	rare	Legendary Creature – Dragon 	212	BRG	4BRG	Flying, hasteNEWLINEWhenever Cheng attacks, look at the top six cards of your library. You may reveal a creature card from among them and put it into your hand. If it’s a Dragon, put it onto the battlefield tapped and attacking instead. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.	6/6		normal	NJB		\nCou Ling of the Lunar Den	WUR	rare	Legendary Creature – Human Wizard 	213	WUR	2URW	When Cou Ling enters the battlefield, create two 2/1 red and white Fox creature tokens.NEWLINEWhenever a Fox you control deals combat damage to a player, draw a card, then you may cast an instant or sorcery card with mana value less than or equal to the damage dealt from your hand without paying its mana cost.	1/3		normal	NJB		\nDa'Lang, Timberheart	G	rare	Legendary Creature – Wolf 	173	G	1GG	Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)NEWLINE3G: Da’Lang gets +2/+2 until end of turn. If you’re in a renaissance, all creatures able to block Da’Lang this turn do so. Activate only once each turn.	4/3		normal	NJB		\nChiu, Hand of the Pack	G	rare	Legendary Creature – Human Druid 	169	G	3GG	Wolves you control have hexproof and “Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, draw a card.”NEWLINEAt the beginning of your end step, if you don’t control Shimaru, the Unfading, create Shimaru the Unfading, a legendary 4/4 green Wolf Spirit creature token with trample.	2/2		normal	NJB		\nHeyu, Depthlurker	G	rare	Legendary Creature – Crocodile Turtle 	183	G	2G	FlashNEWLINEWhenever another permanent dies, put a +1/+1 counter on Heyu.NEWLINE1G: Heyu becomes a colorless Island land until end of turn.	2/2		normal	NJB		\nJindao, the World Eye	G	rare	Legendary Creature – Snake 	185	G	2GG	You may look at the top card of your library at any time.NEWLINEYou may play an additional land from the top of your library on each of your turns.NEWLINE3GG: You may cast the top card of your library without paying its mana cost if it’s a creature card. Activate only as a sorcery.	2/2		normal	NJB		\nXiejuan and Hao Lu	G	rare	Legendary Creature – Cat Human 	205	G	4GG	Trample, vigilanceNEWLINESpells your opponents cast that target Xiejuan and Hao Lu cost X more to cast, where X is the number of other creatures you control.NEWLINEWhenever another creature you control dies, draw a card.	6/6		normal	NJB		\nSavage Convergence	G	rare	Sorcery	193	G	3GG	Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)NEWLINESearch your library for up to three creature cards with different mana values 4 or less, reveal them, put them into your hand, then shuffle. If you’re in a renaissance, you may put them onto the battlefield instead.			normal	NJB		\nTill the Queen's Gardens	G	rare	Sorcery	198	G	XG	Create X 0/1 green Plant creature tokens, then distribute X +1/+1 counters among creatures you control.			normal	NJB		\nWildlife Sketches	G	rare	Enchantment – Gallery 	204	G	G			(Choose only one work as a sorcery to add its ability.)NEWLINEWhen Wildlife Sketches enters the battlefield, reveal the top five cards of your library. Put a creature card from among them into your hand and the rest on the bottom in any order.NEWLINE1G: Carnation PetalsNEWLINEYou may cast creature spells as though they had flash.NEWLINE3G: Pecking OrderNEWLINEAt the beginning of your upkeep, you may sacrifice a creature. If you do, search your library for a creature card with mana value 1 greater than the sacrificed creature’s and put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.	class	NJB		\nBai of the Royal Gardens	WG	rare	Legendary Creature – Human Druid 	209	WG	GW	Whenever you create one or more tokens, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control.NEWLINE2GW: Create a 0/1 green Plant creature token.	3/1		normal	NJB		\nShigurei, Vassal of the Depths	UG	rare	Legendary Creature – Kraken 	242	UG	4GU	FlashNEWLINEThis spell can’t be countered.NEWLINEWhenever Shigurei attacks, you may activate an ability of a creature you control without paying its cost.NEWLINE1GU: Target permanent becomes a colorless Island land until end of turn.	7/7		normal	NJB		\nZihao, Song of the Glade	WRG	rare	Legendary Creature – Human Druid Bard 	254	WRG	RGW	Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)NEWLINE2RGW: You may put a creature card from your hand onto the battlefield. It gains haste and vigilance until end of turn. Return it to your hand at the beginning of the next end step unless you’re in a renaissance.	3/3		normal	NJB		\nEmperor Dan Te Mogui	UBG	rare	Legendary Creature – Human Noble 	215	UBG	BGU	Inspired – Whenever Emperor Dan Te Mogui becomes untapped, look at the top three cards of your library. Put one into your graveyard, one on the bottom, and the other back on top.NEWLINEWhen Emperor Dan Te Mogui dies, you may put it on the bottom of your library. If you do, return target permanent card from your graveyard to your hand.	3/3		normal	NJB		\nDuan's Aeriform Ribbons		rare	Legendary Artifact – Equipment 	257	C	2	Equipped creature is a Dragon and has base power and toughness 4/4, flying, and “2: This creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn.”NEWLINEEquip 3			normal	NJB		\nThe Orange Orchard		rare	Legendary Land	269	C		T: Add C.NEWLINE2, T: Choose a color, then choose one –NEWLINE• Add one mana of that color for each token you control.NEWLINE• Add one mana of that color for each permanent you control with one or more counters on it.			normal	NJB		nerfed version\nXueyang San		rare	Legendary Artifact – Equipment 	262	C	1	Equipped creature gets +1/-1 and has “When this creature dies, put a fate counter on Xueyang San.”NEWLINE1, Remove a fate counter from Xueyang San: Choose one –NEWLINE• Draw a card.NEWLINE• Xueyang San deals 2 damage to any target and you gain 2 life.NEWLINEEquip 1			normal	NJB		\nShrine of Elder Lords		rare	Land	272	C		Whenever you create an Idol token, put a +1/+1 counter on Shrine of Elder Lords.NEWLINET: Add C.NEWLINE3: Put a +1/+1 counter on Shrine of Elder Lords, then you may have it become a 0/0 Elemental creature with vigilance until end of turn. It’s still a land.			normal	NJB		\nOutcast of the Folded Fan	W	common	Creature – Human 	28	W	1W	1W, Exile Outcast of the Folded Fan from your graveyard: Create a 1/1 white Bird creature token with flying. Activate only as a sorcery.	2/1		normal	NJB		\nFox of a Radiant Meadow	W	uncommon	Creature – Fox 	14	W	1W	Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)NEWLINEFox of a Radiant Meadow has double strike as long as you’re in a renaissance.	2/2		normal	NJB		\nGlorious Wingwright	W	uncommon	Creature – Human Artificer 	17	W	1W	FlyingNEWLINEWhenever an artifact enters the battlefield under your control, put a +1/+1 counter on Glorious Wingwright. This ability triggers only once each turn.	1/1		normal	NJB		\nFox of a Glistening Glen	W	uncommon	Creature – Fox 	12	W	2W	Other Foxes you control get +1/+1.NEWLINE2W: Target Fox you control gains lifelink until end of turn.	3/2		normal	NJB		\nChiseled Familiar	W	uncommon	Artifact Creature – Fox 	8	W	2W	When Chiseled Familiar enters the battlefield, draw a card.NEWLINESacrifice Chiseled Familiar: You gain 2 life.	2/2		normal	NJB		\nAdept Lieutenant	W	uncommon	Creature – Human Warrior 	1	W	1WW	Whenever Adept Lieutenant attacks, create an Idol token. (It’s an artifact with “1, Sacrifice this artifact: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.”)NEWLINE1, Sacrifice an Idol: Put a +1/+1 counter on Adept Lieutenant.	3/3		normal	NJB		\nRed-Crowned Admiral	W	uncommon	Creature – Human Warrior 	32	W	3W	When Red-Crowned Admiral enters the battlefield, create an Idol token. (It’s an artifact with “1, Sacrifice this artifact: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.”)NEWLINEEach creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it has flying.	2/3		normal	NJB		\nHeping's Acolyte	W	uncommon	Creature – Human Monk 	21	W	3W	Whenever a nontoken creature you control dies, create a 1/1 colorless Spirit creature token with flying.	1/5		normal	NJB		\nLeave the Den	W	uncommon	Sorcery	23	W	3WW	Create three 2/1 red and white Fox creature tokens.			normal	NJB		\nThe People's Anthem	W	uncommon	Instant	30	W	W	Creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn.NEWLINEShowcase 2WW (Then if you cast this for its showcase cost, create a 1/1 red Bard creature token that can’t block and exile this. When that token attacks, you may cast a free copy of this.)			normal	NJB		\nSeal the Gateway	W	uncommon	Instant	35	W	W	Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)NEWLINETarget creature or planeswalker an opponent controls phases out. If you’re in a renaissance, exile it instead.			normal	NJB		\nChamber of Penance	W	uncommon	Artifact	7	W	2W	When Chamber of Penance enters the battlefield, exile target nonland permanent an opponent controls until Chamber of Penance leaves the battlefield.			normal	NJB		f!reprint\nSage of the Jade Baton	U	uncommon	Creature – Human Bard 	74	U	U	Sage of the Jade Baton can’t be blocked by creatures with toughness 2 or greater.NEWLINEInspired – Whenever Sage of the Jade Baton becomes untapped, draw a card, then discard a card.	1/2		normal	NJB		\nReflecting Pool Drifter	U	uncommon	Creature – Drake 	72	U	1U	FlyingNEWLINE2U: Switch target creature’s power and toughness until end of turn.	1/3		normal	NJB		\nPon's Apprentice	U	uncommon	Creature – Human Wizard 	69	U	2U	Inspired – Whenever Pon’s Apprentice becomes untapped, target creature you control has base power and toughness 5/5 until end of turn.	2/2		normal	NJB		\nNonpareil of the Abyss	U	uncommon	Creature – Kraken 	64	U	6UU	TrampleNEWLINEGolden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)NEWLINEWhen Nonpareil of the Abyss enters the battlefield, create an Idol token.NEWLINENonpareil of the Abyss has ward 8 as long as you’re in a renaissance.	8/8		normal	NJB		\nCerulean Sovereign	U	uncommon	Creature – Drake 	48	U	4UU	FlyingNEWLINEWhen Cerulean Sovereign enters the battlefield, you may return target creature an opponent controls or target instant or sorcery card in your graveyard to its owner’s hand.	3/4		normal	NJB		\nHydrolyze	U	uncommon	Instant	56	U	1U	Counter target spell. If that spell is countered this way, its owner puts it on the top or bottom of their library instead of into their graveyard.NEWLINEEach player draws a card.			normal	NJB		\nTrawl the Annals	U	uncommon	Instant	79	U	3U	Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)NEWLINEScry 2, then draw two cards. If you’re in a renaissance, draw three cards instead.			normal	NJB		\nBudding Couturier	U	uncommon	Creature – Human Citizen 	47	U	1U	Whenever you cast a spell for its showcase cost, create a 2/2 blue Drake creature token with flying.	2/1		normal	NJB		\nBian Lian Opera	U	uncommon	Instant	46	U	1U	Target creature you control becomes a copy of another target creature you control until end of turn.NEWLINEShowcase 2UU (Then if you cast this for its showcase cost, create a 1/1 red Bard creature token that can’t block and exile this. When that token attacks, you may cast a free copy of this.)			normal	NJB		\nStand in Opposition	U	uncommon	Instant	77	U	2U	Until end of turn, creatures and artifacts you control gain “T: Tap target permanent.”			normal	NJB		\nAftermath of the Surge	U	uncommon	Enchantment	43	U	3U	When Aftermath of the Surge enters the battlefield, create two Treasure tokens.NEWLINE1U, Sacrifice two artifacts: Draw two cards.NEWLINE3U, Sacrifice four artifacts: Create an 8/8 blue Kraken creature token. It can’t block this turn.			normal	NJB		\nLunar Shachuan	U	uncommon	Artifact – Vehicle 	63	U	2U	FlyingNEWLINECrew 2NEWLINEGolden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)NEWLINEAs long as you’re in a renaissance, Lunar Shachuan is an artifact creature.	3/4		normal	NJB		\nEaveshoppers	B	uncommon	Creature – Human Rogue 	91	B	1B	When Eaveshoppers enters the battlefield, each opponent discards a card.NEWLINEInspired – Whenever Eaveshoppers becomes untapped, exile up to one target card from a graveyard. If a land card is exiled this way, put a +1/+1 counter on Eaveshoppers.	1/1		normal	NJB		\nShifu of Xiangyin Temple	B	uncommon	Creature – Human Warrior 	110	B	1B	Whenever a creature you control dies, create an Idol token. (It’s an artifact with “1, Sacrifice this artifact: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.”)NEWLINEWhenever you sacrifice a noncreature permanent, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.	0/1		normal	NJB		\nSable Evangelist	B	uncommon	Creature – Human Cleric 	105	B	2B	When Sable Evangelist enters the battlefield, create a 0/1 black Cultist creature token with “1BB, Sacrifice three Cultists: Create a 5/5 black Demon creature token.”NEWLINECultists you control get +2/+0 and can’t block.	2/1		normal	NJB		\nSoul Engulfer	B	uncommon	Creature – Demon 	112	B	1BB	MenaceNEWLINEInspired – Whenever Soul Engulfer becomes untapped, each opponent loses 4 life.	0/4		normal	NJB		\nMercenary of the Folded Fan	B	uncommon	Creature – Human Mercenary 	102	B	3B	Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)NEWLINE2B, Discard a card: Mercenary of the Folded Fan gains indestructible until end of turn. Tap it. If you’re in a renaissance, draw a card.	4/3		normal	NJB		\nGrotesque Defiler	B	uncommon	Creature – Demon 	95	B	3BB	Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)NEWLINESacrifice another creature: Grotesque Defiler gains flying until end of turn.NEWLINEWhenever Grotesque Defiler deals combat damage to a player, if you’re in a renaissance, that player discards a card.	4/5		normal	NJB		\nDemon of Hubris	B	uncommon	Creature – Demon 	89	B	4BB	1B, Sacrifice another creature: Draw a card and create an Idol token. (It’s an artifact with “1, Sacrifice this artifact: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.”)NEWLINE2B, Sacrifice three Idols: Return Demon of Hubris from your graveyard to the battlefield. Activate only as a sorcery.	6/6		normal	NJB		\nConsign to Old Diyu	B	uncommon	Instant	88	B	3B	Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)NEWLINEDestroy target creature. If you’re in a renaissance, you may return a creature card from your graveyard to your hand.			normal	NJB		\nSkirmish Scars	B	uncommon	Sorcery	111	B	3BB	Target creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn, a second target creature gets -2/-2 until end of turn, and a third target creature gets -3/-3 until end of turn.			normal	NJB		f!reprint\nWhispers of the Dead	B	uncommon	Instant	120	B	1B	As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature.NEWLINELook at the top three cards of your library. Put two of them into your hand and the other into your graveyard.			normal	NJB		\nBandit's Dagger	B	uncommon	Artifact – Equipment 	84	B	B	Whenever equipped creature attacks, it gains deathtouch until end of turn.NEWLINESacrifice Bandit’s Dagger: Target player dealt damage by equipped creature this turn reveals their hand. You choose a nonland card from it. That player discards that card.NEWLINEEquip 2			normal	NJB		\nYenzu Melodrama	B	uncommon	Enchantment	123	B	2B	Demon spells you cast cost 2 less to cast and an additional 2 life to cast. NEWLINEWhenever you cast a Demon spell, create a 0/1 black Cultist creature token with “1BB, Sacrifice three Cultists: Create a 5/5 black Demon creature token.”			normal	NJB		\nPup of a Marigold Burrow	R	uncommon	Creature – Fox 	154	R	R	Whenever another Fox enters the battlefield under your control, Pup of a Marigold Burrow deals 1 damage to each opponent.	2/1		normal	NJB		\nDraconic Cinderlance	R	uncommon	Creature – Human Warrior 	131	R	1R	MenaceNEWLINEWhenever a creature you control with power 4 or greater attacks, it gains menace until end of turn.	2/1		normal	NJB		\nFervid Dragonheart	R	uncommon	Creature – Human Warrior 	136	R	2R	2RR, Exile an instant or sorcery card from your graveyard: Fervid Dragonheart gets +1/+2, gains flying, and becomes a Dragon until end of turn.	3/2		normal	NJB		\nScholar of the Staff	R	uncommon	Creature – Monkey Warrior 	156	R	2R	Scholar of the Staff can’t block.NEWLINEInspired – Whenever Scholar of the Staff becomes untapped, up to one target creature can’t block this turn.	4/2		normal	NJB		\nKeen Redtail	R	uncommon	Creature – Fox 	148	R	1R	When Keen Redtail enters the battlefield, create an Idol token. (It’s an artifact with “1, Sacrifice this artifact: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.”)NEWLINEWhen Keen Redtail dies, it deals damage equal to its power to any target.	1/2		normal	NJB		\nFrisky Denmates	R	uncommon	Creature – Fox 	142	R	3R	When Frisky Denmates enters the battlefield, create a 2/1 red and white Fox creature token, then Frisky Denmates deals damage to target creature or planeswalker an opponent controls equal to the number of Foxes you control.	2/1		normal	NJB		\nRapacious Regent	R	uncommon	Creature – Dragon 	155	R	3RR	FlyingNEWLINEWhen Rapacious Regent enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice another creature or artifact. If you do, Rapacious Regent deals 3 damage to any target.	3/3		normal	NJB		\nBonk	R	uncommon	Instant	126	R	3R	This spell costs 2 less to cast if you control a creature with power 4 or greater.NEWLINEBonk deals 4 damage to any target.			normal	NJB		\nFiligree Fan Dance	R	uncommon	Instant	137	R	1R	Target creature gains double strike until end of turn.NEWLINEShowcase 2RR (Then if you cast this for its showcase cost, create a 1/1 red Bard creature token that can’t block and exile this. When that token attacks, you may cast a free copy of this.)			normal	NJB		\nStroke of Fortune	R	common	Sorcery	160	R	1R	Create a Treasure token.NEWLINEShowcase 2R (Then if you cast this for its showcase cost, create a 1/1 red Bard creature token that can’t block and exile this. When that token attacks, you may cast a free copy of this.)			normal	NJB		\nBaptism by Fire	R	uncommon	Instant	125	R	1R	Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)NEWLINEBaptism by Fire deals 3 damage to target creature or planeswalker. If you’re in a renaissance, Baptism by Fire deals 6 damage to that permanent instead.			normal	NJB		\nFor the Court of the Queen	R	uncommon	Enchantment	139	R	2R	Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, if you cast it for its showcase cost, exile the top two cards of your library. Otherwise, look at the top two cards of your library, then put one on the bottom of your library and exile the other. You may play cards exiled this way until you exile one or more other cards with For the Court of the Queen.			normal	NJB		\nVassal of the Wild	G	uncommon	Creature – Human Druid 	200	G	G	T: Add G. Spend this mana only to cast a creature spell or activate an ability of a creature.NEWLINEAt the beginning of combat on your turn, if you control a creature with power 4 or greater, Vassal of the Wild gets +2/+1 and gains vigilance until end of turn.	1/1		normal	NJB		\nSpirited Florist	G	uncommon	Creature – Human Druid 	195	G	1G	Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)NEWLINE2G: Put two +1/+1 counters on target land you control. If you’re in a renaissance, you may have that land become a 0/0 green Elemental creature until end of turn. (It’s still a land.)	1/3		normal	NJB		\nChaparral Hunter	G	uncommon	Creature – Human Archer 	168	G	2G	ReachNEWLINEWhen Chaparral Hunter enters the battlefield, if a permanent you controlled died this turn, draw a card and you gain 3 life.	2/3		normal	NJB		\nVerdant Druid	G	uncommon	Creature – Human Druid 	201	G	2G	Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)NEWLINE2G: Reveal the top three cards of your library. You may put a creature card from among them on top. If you’re in a renaissance, put it into your hand instead. Put the rest on the bottom of in any order.	3/2		normal	NJB		\nForerunner of the Briar	G	uncommon	Creature – Human Scout 	177	G	3G	When Forerunner of the Briar enters the battlefield, sacrifice two lands. When you do, choose one –NEWLINE• Create a 3/3 green Beast creature token.NEWLINE•  Search your library for up to two basic lands cards, put them onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.	4/3		normal	NJB		\nRampaging Xiangshe	G	uncommon	Creature – Beast 	192	G	4G	When Rampaging Xiangshe enters the battlefield, create an Idol token. (It’s an artifact with “1, Sacrifice this artifact: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.”)NEWLINEEach creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it has trample.	5/5		normal	NJB		\nThriving Viper	G	uncommon	Creature – Snake 	197	G	1G	TrampleNEWLINEOnce each turn, if one or more +1/+1 counters would be put on a creature you control, that many plus one +1/+1 counters are put on that creature instead.	2/2		normal	NJB		\nSpawn of Qiyan	G	uncommon	Creature – Hydra 	194	G	6GG	TrampleNEWLINEWhen Spawn of Qiyan enters the battlefield, distribute four +1/+1 counters among any number of target creatures you control.NEWLINE2G: Put Spawn of Qiyan from your graveyard into your library second from the top.	4/4		normal	NJB		\nLu'She Temple Customs	G	uncommon	Sorcery	187	G	1GG	As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a permanent.NEWLINEReturn up to two target cards from your graveyard to your hand. Exile Lu’She Temple Customs.			normal	NJB		\nTimberland Hymn	G	uncommon	Sorcery	199	G	G	Each opponent sacrifices an artifact or enchantment.NEWLINEShowcase 2GG (Then if you cast this for its showcase cost, create a 1/1 red Bard creature token that can’t block and exile this. When that token attacks, you may cast a free copy of this.)			normal	NJB		\nPack Savagery	G	uncommon	Instant	190	G	G	Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)NEWLINETarget creature has base power and toughness 4/4 until end of turn. If you’re in a renaissance, untap it and it gains hexproof and indestructible until end of turn.			normal	NJB		\nViridian Townships	G	uncommon	Enchantment	203	G	2G	When Viridian Townships enters the battlefield, create two Idol tokens. (They’re artifacts with “1, Sacrifice this artifact: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.”)NEWLINE2, Sacrifice an Idol: Draw a card.NEWLINE2, Sacrifice an Idol: You gain 3 life.			normal	NJB		\nGemscale Drake	WU	uncommon	Creature – Drake 	219	WU	2WU	FlyingNEWLINEWhen Gemscale Drake enters the battlefield, create a Treasure token.NEWLINEWhenever Gemscale Drake deals combat damage to a player, scry 1. If you control three or more artifacts, draw a card instead.	3/2		normal	NJB		\nThose Lost to the Waves	WU	uncommon	Enchantment – Gallery 	245	WU	WU			(Choose only one work as a sorcery to add its ability.)NEWLINEWhen Those Lost to the Waves enters the battlefield, search your library for an artifact card with mana value 3 or less, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.NEWLINE1W: Fight the CurrentNEWLINEEquipped creatures you control get +1/+1.NEWLINE3U: Soul of the SeaNEWLINEAt the beginning of combat on your turn, you may have target noncreature artifact become a 3/3 artifact creature until end of turn.	class	NJB		\nYenzu Nightblade	UB	uncommon	Creature – Human Rogue 	253	UB	1UB	DeathtouchNEWLINEInspired – Whenever Yenzu Nightblade becomes untapped, target creature you control gets +1/+1 and gains deathtouch until end of turn.	2/3		normal	NJB		\nPath of the Outsider	UB	uncommon	Enchantment – Gallery 	235	UB	3UB			(Choose only one work as a sorcery to add its ability.)NEWLINEWhen Path of the Outsider enters the battlefield, return target creature to its owner’s hand, then each opponent sacrifices a creature.NEWLINE2U: EvanescenceNEWLINE0: Target creature phases out. Activate only during your turn and only once each turn.NEWLINE2B: AnguishNEWLINEWhenever a creature attacks you, it gets -1/-1 until end of turn.	class	NJB		\nBlackblood Feaster	BR	uncommon	Creature – Demon 	210	BR	4BR	FlyingNEWLINEWhen Blackblood Feaster enters the battlefield, you may have each player sacrifice a creature.NEWLINEPay 2 life: Blackblood Feaster gets +2/+2 until end of turn. Activate only once each turn.	3/3		normal	NJB		\nAltar of Twisted Piety	BR	uncommon	Enchantment – Gallery 	206	BR	1BR			(Choose only one work as a sorcery to add its ability.)NEWLINEWhen Altar of Twisted Piety enters the battlefield, return target creature card with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield.NEWLINE2B: Shadows Bind UsNEWLINEB, Sacrifice three creatures: Create a 5/5 black Demon creature token. Put your choice of a flying counter or a lifelink counter on it. It can’t block this turn.NEWLINE2R: Hellfire Fills UsNEWLINER, Sacrifice a creature: Altar of Twisted Piety deals 2 damage to any target.	class	NJB		\nWilderkin Zealot	RG	uncommon	Creature – Human Druid 	248	RG	RG	At the beginning of combat on your turn, if you control a creature with power 4 or greater, put a +1/+1 counter on Wilderkin Zealot.NEWLINERG: Target creature gains trample until end of turn.	2/2		normal	NJB		\nCelebrations of Ferocity	RG	uncommon	Enchantment – Gallery 	211	RG	RG			(Choose only one work as a sorcery to add its ability.)NEWLINEWhen Celebrations of Ferocity enters the battlefield, add RG. Spend this mana only to cast creature spells.NEWLINE4RR: Hao’Tai’s WakeNEWLINEAt the beginning of combat on your turn, target creature you control becomes a 4/4 red Dragon with flying until end of turn.NEWLINE1G: Portrait of QiyanNEWLINECreatures you control enter the battlefield with an additional +1/+1 counter on them.	class	NJB		\nAscetic of the Folded Fan	WG	uncommon	Creature – Human Warrior 	207	WG	1GW	FlyingNEWLINEWhen Ascetic of the Folded Fan enters the battlefield, create an Idol token. (It’s an artifact with “1, Sacrifice this artifact: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.”)NEWLINEEach creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it has vigilance.	1/3		normal	NJB		\nKanghyae Forum	WG	uncommon	Enchantment – Gallery 	224	WG	GW			(Choose only one work as a sorcery to add its ability.)NEWLINEWhen Kanghyae Forum enters the battlefield, you may return another permanent you control to its owner’s hand. If you don’t, draw a card.NEWLINE2G: A Common GoodNEWLINEIf an effect would create one or more tokens under your control, it creates that many of those tokens plus one instead.NEWLINE2W: Rebuilding TrustNEWLINEIf an effect would put one or more counters on a permanent you control, it puts that many of those counters plus one on that permanent instead.	class	NJB		\nImperious Aristocrat	WB	uncommon	Creature – Human Advisor 	222	WB	1WB	Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)NEWLINE1, Sacrifice another creature: Imperious Aristocrat gains indestructible until end of turn. If you’re in a renaissance, each opponent loses 2 life and you gain 2 life.	3/2		normal	NJB		\nMemorial Plaza	WB	uncommon	Enchantment – Gallery 	229	WB	1WB			(Choose only one work as a sorcery to add its ability.)NEWLINEWhen Memorial Plaza enters the battlefield, create two 1/1 colorless Spirit creature tokens with flying.NEWLINE2W: The WarriorNEWLINEAt the beginning of combat on your turn, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control.NEWLINE1B: Rhapsody in BlackNEWLINEAt the beginning of your end step, you may sacrifice a creature. If you do, draw a card.	class	NJB		\nSong of Wind and Fire	UR	uncommon	Sorcery	243	UR	3UR	Create a 4/4 blue and red Dragon creature token with flying.NEWLINEShowcase 5UR (Then if you cast this for its showcase cost, create a 1/1 red Bard creature token that can’t block and exile this. When that token attacks, you may cast a free copy of this.)			normal	NJB		\nThe Royal Vignettes	UR	uncommon	Enchantment – Gallery 	238	UR	1UR			(Choose only one work as a sorcery to add its ability.)NEWLINEWhen The Royal Vignettes enters the battlefield, exile target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard. Until your next turn, you may cast that card.NEWLINE1U: Ju, the ArtisanNEWLINEWhenever you cast an instant spell, draw a card, then discard a card.NEWLINE1R: Lan, the PoetNEWLINEWhenever you cast a sorcery spell, create a 1/1 red Bard creature token.	class	NJB		\nMire Sculptor	BG	uncommon	Creature – Human Warlock 	230	BG	BG	When Mire Sculptor enters the battlefield, mill three cards.NEWLINEWhenever you sacrifice a permanent, you may pay 2. If you do, return target permanent card from your graveyard to your hand.	2/3		normal	NJB		\nFables of the Ill-Fated	BG	uncommon	Enchantment – Gallery 	216	BG	2BG			(Choose only one work as a sorcery to add its ability.)NEWLINEWhen Fables of the Ill-Fated enters the battlefield, destroy target nonland permanent.NEWLINEB: The Witch’s TempleNEWLINEWhenever a nonland permanent you control dies, each opponent loses 1 life.NEWLINE3G: Enter the NestNEWLINE3G, Sacrifice two lands: Create a 0/0 green Wurm creature token with “This creature gets +1/+1 for each permanent card in your graveyard.” Activate only as a sorcery.	class	NJB		\nFox of a Brisk Autumn	WR	uncommon	Creature – Fox 	218	WR	RW	1RW: Create a 2/1 red and white Fox creature token. It gains haste. Sacrifice it at the beginning of the next end step.NEWLINEWhenever Fox of a Brisk Autumn attacks, attacking Foxes you control get +1/+1 until end of turn.	2/1		normal	NJB		\nSeto's Private Collection	WR	uncommon	Enchantment – Gallery 	241	WR	2RW			(Choose only one work as a sorcery to add its ability.)NEWLINEWhen Seto’s Private Collection enters the battlefield, creatures you control get +2/+1 until end of turn.     NEWLINE1R: BloodlineNEWLINEAttacking creatures you control have first strike.NEWLINE2W: Hope’s SaviorNEWLINEAttacking creatures you control have lifelink.	class	NJB		\nLady of the Nymphaeas	UG	uncommon	Creature – Human Wizard 	226	UG	1GU	Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)NEWLINE1GU: Reveal the top card of your library. If it’s a land card, you may put it onto the battlefield. If you don’t and you’re in a renaissance, put it into your hand.	2/4		normal	NJB		\nPeacetime Murals	UG	uncommon	Enchantment – Gallery 	236	UG	3GU			(Choose only one work as a sorcery to add its ability.)NEWLINEWhen Peacetime Murals enters the battlefield, draw three cards and you gain 3 life.NEWLINE2G: Grow as TwoNEWLINEWhenever you activate an ability of a creature you control, create a token that’s a copy of that creature except it isn’t legendary. This ability triggers only once each turn.NEWLINE2U: A Better MankindNEWLINEWhenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, you may activate one of its abilities without paying its costs. This ability triggers only once each turn.	class	NJB		\nEffigy of Ivory Fire		uncommon	Artifact	258	C	3	T: Add one mana of any color. Put a creation counter on Effigy of Ivory Fire.NEWLINE2: Effigy of Ivory Fire becomes a 4/4 red Dragon artifact creature with flying until end of turn. Activate only if Effigy of Ivory Fire has three or more creation counters on it.			normal	NJB		\nDignitary's Rickshaw		uncommon	Artifact – Vehicle 	256	C	1	Tap an untapped Human you control: Dignitary’s Rickshaw becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.NEWLINEInspired – Whenever Dignitary’s Rickshaw becomes untapped, create a 2/1 red and white Fox creature token. It gains haste. Sacrifice it at the beginning of the next end step.	2/3		normal	NJB		\nFestival Centrum		uncommon	Land	267	C		Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)NEWLINET: Add C. If you’re in a renaissance, add one mana of any color instead.NEWLINE3, T: Scry 1.			normal	NJB		\nPious Flutist	W	uncommon	Creature – Human Bard 	31	W	W	When Pious Flutist enters the battlefield, create an Idol token. (It’s an artifact with “1, Sacrifice this artifact: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.”)	1/2		normal	NJB		\nRoadside Performer	W	common	Creature – Human Bard 	33	W	W	2, T: Tap target creature.	0/2		normal	NJB		\nFox of a New Era	W	common	Creature – Fox 	13	W	1W		3/1		normal	NJB		\nSponsor of the Folded Fan	W	common	Creature – Human Warrior 	37	W	1W	Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)NEWLINE3W: You gain 1 life.NEWLINESponsor of the Folded Fan gets +2/+0 as long as you’re in a renaissance.	1/3		normal	NJB		\nOrnate Legionnaire	W	common	Creature – Human Warrior 	27	W	1W	2W: Ornate Legionnaire gains first strike until end of turn.	2/2		normal	NJB		\nGuzheng Instructor	W	common	Creature – Human Bard 	19	W	2W	Whenever an artifact enters or leaves the battlefield under your control, you gain 1 life.	2/3		normal	NJB		\nApogee Cranes	W	common	Creature – Bird 	3	W	2W	FlyingNEWLINEWhen Apogee Cranes enters the battlefield, create an Idol token. (It’s an artifact with “1, Sacrifice this artifact: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.”)	2/2		normal	NJB		\nFox of an Amber Dawn	W	common	Creature – Fox 	15	W	2W	At the beginning of your end step, if a creature you controlled died this turn, put a +1/+1 counter on Fox of an Amber Dawn.	3/2		normal	NJB		\nApostle of the Elders	W	common	Creature – Human Warrior 	4	W	3W	Apostle of the Elders has lifelink as long as it has a +1/+1 counter on it.	3/3		normal	NJB		\nRusset Denmother	W	common	Creature – Fox 	34	W	3W	When Russet Denmother enters the battlefield, choose one –NEWLINE• Destroy target enchantment.NEWLINE• Create a 2/1 red and white Fox creature token.	3/2		normal	NJB		\nLunar Flock	W	common	Creature – Bird 	26	W	4W	FlyingNEWLINEGolden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)NEWLINELunar Flock has vigilance as long as you’re in a renaissance.	3/4		normal	NJB		\nFestival Celebrants	W	common	Creature – Human Actor 	11	W	4WW	When Festival Celebrants enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control.	2/2		normal	NJB		\nAerie Aria	W	common	Sorcery	2	W	2W	Create two 1/1 white Bird creature tokens with flying.			normal	NJB		\nArmament Exhibition	W	common	Instant	5	W	W	Target creature you control gets +2/+2 until end of turn. If it’s attacking, create an Idol token. (It’s an artifact with “1, Sacrifice this artifact: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.”)			normal	NJB		\nSword Dance	W	common	Instant	38	W	1W	Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)NEWLINESword Dance deals 3 damage to target attacking or blocking creature. If you’re in a renaissance, Sword Dance deals 5 damage to that creature instead.			normal	NJB		\nTale of Tranquility	W	common	Instant	39	W	W	Tap target creature.NEWLINEShowcase 2W (Then if you cast this for its showcase cost, create a 1/1 red Bard creature token that can’t block and exile this. When that token attacks, you may cast a free copy of this.)			normal	NJB		\nWalk the Ancestral Path	W	common	Sorcery	40	W	4W	Exile target nonland permanent. Create an Idol token. (It’s an artifact with “1, Sacrifice this artifact: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.”)			normal	NJB		\nSheersilk Robes	W	common	Artifact – Equipment 	36	W	1W	Equipped creature gets +1/+2 and has vigilance.NEWLINEEquip 3			normal	NJB		\nPacifism	W	common	Enchantment – Aura 	29	W	1W	Enchant creatureNEWLINEEnchanted creature can’t attack or block.			normal	NJB		f!reprint\nLamplight Tender	U	common	Creature – Human Citizen 	62	U	1U	T: Add U. Spend this mana only to activate an ability or cast an instant or sorcery spell.	1/2		normal	NJB		\nErratic Visionary	U	common	Creature – Human Wizard 	52	U	1U	1U, T: Draw a card, then discard a card.	1/3		normal	NJB		f!reprint\nParasol Twirler	U	common	Creature – Human Wizard 	68	U	1U	Parasol Twirler has flying as long as you control an artifact.	2/1		normal	NJB		\nScribe of the Sky Scrolls	U	common	Creature – Human Wizard 	75	U	2U	Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, put a +1/+1 counter on Scribe of the Sky Scrolls. If you spent four or more mana on that spell, Scribe of the Sky Scrolls gains flying until end of turn.	2/2		normal	NJB		\nFestival Decorator	U	common	Creature – Human Bard 	53	U	2U	Inspired – Whenever Festival Decorator becomes untapped, draw a card.	3/2		normal	NJB		\nHorizon Glider	U	common	Creature – Drake 	55	U	2U	FlyingNEWLINEGolden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)NEWLINEAt the beginning of combat on your turn, if you’re in a renaissance, target creature gains flying until end of turn.	2/2		normal	NJB		\nKaleidoscale Drake	U	common	Creature – Drake 	60	U	3U	FlyingNEWLINEInspired – Whenever Kaleidoscale Drake becomes untapped, scry 1.	3/3		normal	NJB		\nDewdrop Oracle	U	common	Creature – Human Wizard 	50	U	3U	When Dewdrop Oracle enters the battlefield, reveal the top four cards of your library. You may put a noncreature card from among them into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.	2/2		normal	NJB		\nWealth of the Flood	U	common	Sorcery	81	U	5UU	Create an 8/8 blue Kraken creature token.NEWLINE2U, Discard Wealth of the Flood: Create a Treasure token. Scry 2.			normal	NJB		\nPrince Crab	U	common	Creature – Crab 	70	U	4U	When Prince Crab enters the battlefield, create a Treasure token and an Idol token. (An artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color” and an artifact with “1, Sacrifice this artifact: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.”)	3/5		normal	NJB		\nAir of Vernal Tidings	U	common	Instant	44	U	1U	Draw a card.NEWLINEShowcase 3U (Then if you cast this for its showcase cost, create a 1/1 red Bard creature token that can’t block and exile this. When that token attacks, you may cast a free copy of this.)			normal	NJB		\nHarmony of Blossoms	U	common	Instant	54	U	2U	Target creature an opponent controls loses all abilities and has base power and toughness 0/1 until end of turn.NEWLINEShowcase 4U (Then if you cast this for its showcase cost, create a 1/1 red Bard creature token that can’t block and exile this. When that token attacks, you may cast a free copy of this.)			normal	NJB		\nIng'Wei's Admonition	U	common	Instant	58	U	2U	Counter target spell unless its controller pays 4. Create an Idol token. (It’s an artifact with “1, Sacrifice this artifact: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.”)			normal	NJB		\nDare to Dream	U	common	Instant	49	U	1U	Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)NEWLINEReturn target nonland permanent to its owner’s hand. If you’re in a renaissance, that permanent’s owner puts it on the top or bottom of their library instead.			normal	NJB		\nAbandon the Past	U	common	Instant	42	U	2UU	Counter target spell. If that spell is countered this way, put it on the bottom of its owner’s library instead of putting it into its owner’s graveyard. You may put up to three target cards from your graveyard on the bottom of your library in any order.			normal	NJB		\nBallad of the Forgotten	U	common	Sorcery	45	U	U	Target creature gets +1/+0 and can’t be blocked this turn.NEWLINEShowcase 2U (Then if you cast this for its showcase cost, create a 1/1 red Bard creature token that can’t block and exile this. When that token attacks, you may cast a free copy of this.)			normal	NJB		\nRead the Tides	U	common	Sorcery	71	U	5U	Choose one –NEWLINE• Draw three cards.NEWLINE• Return up to two target creatures to their owners’ hands.			normal	NJB		f!reprint\nYenzu Puppeteering	U	common	Enchantment – Aura 	82	U	1U	Enchant creatureNEWLINEWhen Yenzu Puppeteering enters the battlefield, draw a card.NEWLINE1U: Untap enchanted creature.			normal	NJB		\nRest and Relaxation	U	common	Enchantment – Aura 	73	U	1U	Enchant creatureNEWLINEEnchanted creature doesn’t untap during its controller’s untap step.NEWLINE1U: Tap enchanted creature.			normal	NJB		\nTree of Tragedies	B	common	Creature – Plant 	116	B	B	2B, Sacrifice a creature: Draw a card.	0/3		normal	NJB		\nLizhao's Soulblade	B	common	Creature – Human Warrior 	101	B	1B	2B, Exile Lizhao’s Soulblade from your graveyard: Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand. Activate only as a sorcery.	2/1		normal	NJB		\nYenzu Disciple	B	common	Creature – Human Warrior 	122	B	1B	Inspired – Whenever Yenzu Disciple becomes untapped, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.	2/2		normal	NJB		\nSerum Peddler	B	common	Creature – Human Citizen 	109	B	1B	When Serum Peddler enters the battlefield, you draw a card and you lose 1 life.	1/1		normal	NJB		\nGilded Sell-Sword	B	common	Creature – Human Warrior 	93	B	2B	MenaceNEWLINEGolden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)NEWLINEGilded Sell-Sword gets +2/+0 as long as you’re in a renaissance.	2/3		normal	NJB		\nArrogant Orator	B	common	Creature – Demon 	83	B	2B	When Arrogant Orator enters the battlefield, create a 0/1 black Cultist creature token with “1BB, Sacrifice three Cultists: Create a 5/5 black Demon creature token.”	2/2		normal	NJB		\nScar Tattooist	B	common	Creature – Human Cleric 	107	B	3B	DeathtouchNEWLINEInspired – Whenever Scar Tattooist becomes untapped, you may have target creature get -1/-1 until end of turn.	2/3		normal	NJB		\nTheatre of Cruelty	B	common	Sorcery	114	B	1BB	Target opponent discards two cards. You create a 0/1 black Cultist creature token with “1BB, Sacrifice three Cultists: Create a 5/5 black Demon creature token.”			normal	NJB		\nRestless Oppressor	B	common	Creature – Human Noble 	104	B	3B	Whenever you sacrifice a permanent, put a +1/+1 counter on Restless Oppressor.	3/3		normal	NJB		\nTrophy Collector	B	common	Creature – Human Noble 	117	B	4B	2, Sacrifice another creature: Create an Idol token. (It’s an artifact with “1, Sacrifice this artifact: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.”)	3/5		normal	NJB		f!reprint\nBearer of Vile Incense	B	common	Creature – Demon 	85	B	4BB	Inspired – Whenever Bearer of Vile Incense becomes untapped, create a 0/1 black Cultist creature token with “1BB, Sacrifice three Cultists: Create a 5/5 black Demon creature token.”	6/6		normal	NJB		\nSpear Flourish	B	common	Instant	113	B	1B	Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)NEWLINETarget creature gets -2/-2 until end of turn. If you’re in a renaissance, it gets -5/-5 until end of turn instead.			normal	NJB		\nGrim Bounty	B	common	Sorcery	94	B	2BB	Destroy target creature or planeswalker. Create a Treasure token.			normal	NJB		f!reprint\nTraveler's Trial	B	common	Instant	115	B	2B	Destroy target creature with no counters on it and no permanents attached to it.			normal	NJB		\nDirge of the Damned	B	common	Sorcery	90	B	B	Each opponent loses 2 life. Scry 1.NEWLINEShowcase 3B (Then if you cast this for its showcase cost, create a 1/1 red Bard creature token that can’t block and exile this. When that token attacks, you may cast a free copy of this.)			normal	NJB		\nNightblade Umbra	B	common	Instant	103	B	1B	Until end of turn, target creature gains deathtouch and “When this creature dies, return it to the battlefield tapped under its owner’s control.”			normal	NJB		\nVisit from Aunti	B	common	Sorcery	119	B	2B	Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)NEWLINEDraw two cards. Then if you’re in a renaissance, each opponent loses 2 life and you gain 2 life. Otherwise, you lose 2 life.			normal	NJB		\nSanguine Muralist	B	common	Creature – Demon 	106	B	2B	Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)NEWLINEWhen Sanguine Muralist enters the battlefield, you may have target creature’s toughness become 1 until end of turn.	3/1		normal	NJB		\nScatter Memories as Ashes	B	common	Sorcery	108	B	2B	Target player reveals their hand. You choose a nonland card from it. That player discards that card. Create an Idol token. (It’s an artifact with “1, Sacrifice this artifact: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.”)			normal	NJB		\nHerald of the Dragon Army	R	common	Creature – Human Warrior 	144	R	R	HasteNEWLINE1R, T: Attacking creatures you control get +1/+0 until end of turn.	1/1		normal	NJB		\nChar Brewer	R	common	Creature – Human Wizard 	129	R	1R	2, T, Sacrifice Char Brewer: Exile target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard. You may cast that card this turn.	1/3		normal	NJB		\nDazzling Duelist	R	common	Creature – Human Warrior 	130	R	2R	Dazzling Duelist has first strike as long as it’s attacking.NEWLINE2R: Dazzling Duelist gets +2/+0 until end of turn.	2/2		normal	NJB		\nFox of the River Run	R	common	Creature – Fox 	141	R	1R	Whenever Fox of the River Run attacks, if you control a creature with power 4 or greater, you may discard a card. If you do, draw a card.	2/2		normal	NJB		\nJeering Kit	R	common	Creature – Fox 	145	R	3R	MenaceNEWLINEInspired – Whenever Jeering Kit becomes untapped, target Fox you control gets +1/+1 until end of turn.	3/2		normal	NJB		\nFlame Juggler	R	common	Creature – Human Wizard 	138	R	2R	When Flame Juggler dies, it deals 3 damage to each opponent.	3/1		normal	NJB		\nFox of the Juniper Vale	R	common	Creature – Fox 	140	R	2R	When Fox of the Juniper Vale enters the battlefield, create an Idol token. (It’s an artifact with “1, Sacrifice this artifact: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.”)	3/2		normal	NJB		\nScourge of the Sun	R	common	Creature – Dragon 	158	R	3R	FlyingNEWLINEWhenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, Scourge of the Sun gets +1/+0 until end of turn. If you spent four or more mana on that spell, Scourge of the Sun gets an additional +1/+0 until end of turn.	2/3		normal	NJB		\nWarlord of Wun Su	R	common	Creature – Monkey Warrior 	164	R	4R	TrampleNEWLINEWarlord of Wun Su can’t block alone.	5/5		normal	NJB		\nOne Last Dance	R	common	Sorcery	153	R	2R	Gain control of target creature until end of turn and untap it. Until end of turn, it gains haste and “Whenever this creature attacks, it deals 2 damage to itself.”			normal	NJB		\nKuoshu Martial Arts	R	common	Instant	149	R	1R	Target creature you control gets +3/+1 and gains trample until end of turn.NEWLINEShowcase 3RR (Then if you cast this for its showcase cost, create a 1/1 red Bard creature token that can’t block and exile this. When that token attacks, you may cast a free copy of this.)			normal	NJB		\nScorching Dragonfire	R	common	Instant	157	R	1R	Scorching Dragonfire deals 3 damage to target creature or planeswalker. If that permanent would die this turn, exile it instead.			normal	NJB		f!reprint\nOde to the Red Wind	R	common	Sorcery	152	R	R	Ode to the Red Wind deals 1 damage to target creature. It can’t block this turn.NEWLINEShowcase 3R (Then if you cast this for its showcase cost, create a 1/1 red Bard creature token that can’t block and exile this. When that token attacks, you may cast a free copy of this.)			normal	NJB		\nVulpine Verse	R	uncommon	Sorcery	163	R	1R	Create a 2/1 red and white Fox creature token. If you’re attacking, that token enters the battlefield tapped and attacking.NEWLINEShowcase 4R (Then if you cast this for its showcase cost, create a 1/1 red Bard creature token that can’t block and exile this. When that token attacks, you may cast a free copy of this.)			normal	NJB		\nBurning of Xiangyin Temple	R	common	Instant	127	R	4R	Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)NEWLINEBurning of Xiangyin Temple deals 5 damage to target creature or planeswalker. If you’re in a renaissance, Burning of Xiangyin Temple deals 3 damage to that permanent’s controller.			normal	NJB		\nSlapdash Matrimony	R	common	Sorcery	159	R	1R	As an additional cost to cast this spell, discard a card and sacrifice a nonland permanent.NEWLINEDraw three cards.			normal	NJB		\nExpedite	R	common	Instant	135	R	R	Target creature gains haste until end of turn.NEWLINEDraw a card.			normal	NJB		f!reprint\nViolent Devotion	R	common	Instant	162	R	1R	Destroy target nontoken artifact. Create an Idol token. (It’s an artifact with “1, Sacrifice this artifact: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.”)			normal	NJB		\nCeremonial Jian	R	common	Artifact – Equipment 	128	R	R	Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)NEWLINEEquipped creature gets +2/+0.NEWLINEAs long as you’re in a renaissance, equipped creature has first strike.NEWLINEEquip 3			normal	NJB		\nEdgeland Savant	G	common	Creature – Human Druid 	175	G	G	1G, Sacrifice Edgeland Savant: Draw a card. You may put a land card from your hand onto the battlefield tapped.	1/1		normal	NJB		\nCrooning Eulogist	G	common	Creature – Human Bard 	172	G	1G	1, T, Exile a creature card from your graveyard: Create an Idol token. (It’s an artifact with “1, Sacrifice this artifact: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.”)	1/3		normal	NJB		\nHarmonic Recruit	G	common	Creature – Human Warrior 	180	G	1G	Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)NEWLINE3G: Harmonic Recruit gets +2/+2 until end of turn. If you’re in a renaissance, it gets +4/+4 until end of turn instead.	2/2		normal	NJB		\nMischievous Maolu	G	common	Creature – Beast 	189	G	1G	Whenever you sacrifice a permanent, Mischievous Maolu gets +1/+1 until end of turn and you gain 1 life.	2/1		normal	NJB		\nGashing Panther	G	common	Creature – Cat 	179	G	2G	2G, Sacrifice a land: Gashing Panther gains indestructible until end of turn. Tap it.	4/2		normal	NJB		\nCohorts of the Grove	G	common	Creature – Human Druid 	171	G	2G	VigilanceNEWLINEWhenever Cohorts of the Grove deals combat damage to a player, if you control a creature with power 4 or greater, draw a card.	2/3		normal	NJB		\nVinehorn Stag	G	common	Creature – Elk 	202	G	2G	As long as Vinehorn Stag has a +1/+1 counter on it, it can’t be blocked by more than one creature.	3/2		normal	NJB		\nDescendant of Shimaru	G	common	Creature – Wolf 	174	G	2GG	TrampleNEWLINEWhen Descendant of Shimaru enters the battlefield, create an Idol token. (It’s an artifact with “1, Sacrifice this artifact: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.”)	4/4		normal	NJB		\nBastion Ranger	G	common	Creature – Human Archer 	166	G	3G	Ward 2 (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player pays 2.)NEWLINE1G: Bastion Ranger gains reach and deathtouch until end of turn.	2/4		normal	NJB		\nSuitor of the Glade	G	common	Creature – Dryad 	196	G	4G	When Suitor of the Glade enters the battlefield, put two +1/+1 counters on target creature you control. It gains vigilance until end of turn.	3/3		normal	NJB		\nMighty Xioshu	G	common	Creature – Elk Bear 	188	G	4GG	Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)NEWLINEMighty Xioshu can’t be blocked by creatures with power 2 or less as long as you’re in a renaissance.	7/6		normal	NJB		\nExquisite Slash	G	common	Instant	176	G	1G	Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)NEWLINETarget creature you control gets +1/+0 until end of turn if you’re in a renaissance. Then that creature deals damage equal to its power to target creature you don’t control.			normal	NJB		\nChords of Conflict	G	common	Sorcery	170	G	1G	Target creature gets +3/+3 until end of turn and must be blocked this turn if able.NEWLINEShowcase 3GG (Then if you cast this for its showcase cost, create a 1/1 red Bard creature token that can’t block and exile this. When that token attacks, you may cast a free copy of this.)			normal	NJB		\nHerbal Remedy	G	common	Instant	181	G	G	Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control. Prevent all damage that would be dealt to that creature this turn.			normal	NJB		\nCalled Shot	G	common	Instant	167	G	2G	Destroy up to one target enchantment or creature with flying. Create an Idol token. (It’s an artifact with “1, Sacrifice this artifact: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.”)			normal	NJB		\nJourneying Packmaster	G	common	Creature – Human Druid 	186	G	4G	When Journeying Packmaster enters the battlefield, look at the top card of your library. If it’s a land card, you may put it onto the battlefield tapped. If you don’t, draw a card.	4/4		normal	NJB		\nAdventurous Impulse	G	common	Sorcery	165	G	G	Look at the top three cards of your library. You may reveal a creature or land card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.			normal	NJB		f!reprint\nJadeplate Armor	G	common	Artifact – Equipment 	184	G	1G	Equipped creature gets +2/+1.NEWLINEEquip 2			normal	NJB		\nHero's Journey	G	common	Sorcery	182	G	2G	Search your library for a basic land card and put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle. Create an Idol token. (It’s an artifact with “1, Sacrifice this artifact: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.”)			normal	NJB		\nYenzu Ritual Vessel		common	Artifact	263	C	1	4, T, Sacrifice Yenzu Ritual Vessel: Yenzu Ritual Vessel deals 4 damage to target creature or planeswalker.			normal	NJB		\nProcessional Junk		common	Artifact – Vehicle 	260	C	4	VigilanceNEWLINECrew 2 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 2 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	4/4		normal	NJB		\nOrnamental Longbow		common	Artifact – Equipment 	259	C	2	Equipped creature gets +1/+1.NEWLINEWhenever equipped creature deals combat damage to a player, Ornamental Longbow deals 1 damage to any target.NEWLINEEquip 2			normal	NJB		\nProphetic Prismite		common	Artifact Creature – Construct 	261	C	4	When Prophetic Prismite enters the battlefield, draw a card.NEWLINE2: Add one mana of any color.	2/2		normal	NJB		\nWarped Landscape		common	Land	276	C		T: Add C.NEWLINE2, T, Sacrifice Warped Landscape: Search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	NJB		f!reprint\nPlains		common	Basic Land – Plains 	280	C					normal	NJB		\nPlains		common	Basic Land – Plains 	281	C					normal	NJB		\nPlains		common	Basic Land – Plains 	278	C					normal	NJB		\nPlains		common	Basic Land – Plains 	279	C					normal	NJB		\nIsland		common	Basic Land – Island 	284	C					normal	NJB		\nIsland		common	Basic Land – Island 	282	C					normal	NJB		\nIsland		common	Basic Land – Island 	283	C					normal	NJB		\nIsland		common	Basic Land – Island 	285	C					normal	NJB		\nSwamp		common	Basic Land – Swamp 	286	C					normal	NJB		\nSwamp		common	Basic Land – Swamp 	287	C					normal	NJB		\nSwamp		common	Basic Land – Swamp 	288	C					normal	NJB		\nSwamp		common	Basic Land – Swamp 	289	C					normal	NJB		\nMountain		common	Basic Land – Mountain 	292	C					normal	NJB		\nMountain		common	Basic Land – Mountain 	293	C					normal	NJB		\nMountain		common	Basic Land – Mountain 	290	C					normal	NJB		\nMountain		common	Basic Land – Mountain 	291	C					normal	NJB		\nForest		common	Basic Land – Forest 	294	C					normal	NJB		\nForest		common	Basic Land – Forest 	297	C					normal	NJB		\nForest		common	Basic Land – Forest 	295	C					normal	NJB		\nForest		common	Basic Land – Forest 	296	C					normal	NJB		\nTranquil Cove		common	Land	275	WU		Tranquil Cove enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINEWhen Tranquil Cove enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life.NEWLINET: Add W or U.			normal	NJB		f!reprintNEWLINE!landslot\nDismal Backwater		common	Land	266	UB		Dismal Backwater enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINEWhen Dismal Backwater enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life.NEWLINET: Add U or B.			normal	NJB		f!reprintNEWLINE!landslot\nBloodfell Caves		common	Land	264	BR		Bloodfell Caves enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINEWhen Bloodfell Caves enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life.NEWLINET: Add B or R.			normal	NJB		f!reprintNEWLINE!landslot\nRugged Highlands		common	Land	270	RG		Rugged Highlands enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINEWhen Rugged Highlands enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life.NEWLINET: Add R or G.			normal	NJB		f!reprintNEWLINE!landslot\nBlossoming Sands		common	Land	265	WG		Blossoming Sands enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINEWhen Blossoming Sands enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life.NEWLINET: Add G or W.			normal	NJB		f!reprintNEWLINE!landslot\nScoured Barrens		common	Land	271	WB		Scoured Barrens enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINEWhen Scoured Barrens enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life.NEWLINET: Add W or B.			normal	NJB		f!reprintNEWLINE!landslot\nJungle Hollow		common	Land	268	BG		Jungle Hollow enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINEWhen Jungle Hollow enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life.NEWLINET: Add B or G.			normal	NJB		f!reprintNEWLINE!landslot\nThornwood Falls		common	Land	274	UG		Thornwood Falls enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINEWhen Thornwood Falls enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life.NEWLINET: Add G or U.			normal	NJB		f!reprintNEWLINE!landslot\nSwiftwater Cliffs		common	Land	273	UR		Swiftwater Cliffs enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINEWhen Swiftwater Cliffs enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life.NEWLINET: Add U or R.			normal	NJB		f!reprintNEWLINE!landslot\nWind-Scarred Crag		common	Land	277	WR		Wind-Scarred Crag enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINEWhen Wind-Scarred Crag enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life.NEWLINET: Add R or W.			normal	NJB		f!reprintNEWLINE!landslot\nWarrior	W	common	Token Creature – Warrior 	4	W			1/1		token	NJB		\nBird	W	common	Token Creature – Bird 	2	W		Flying	1/1		token	NJB		\nHu Li	W	common	Legendary Token Creature – Fox Spirit 	3	W			4/4		token	NJB		\nDrake	U	common	Token Creature – Drake 	5	U		Flying	2/2		token	NJB		\nKraken	U	common	Token Creature – Kraken 	6	U			8/8		token	NJB		\nCultist	B	common	Token Creature – Cultist 	7	B		1BB, Sacrifice three Cultists: Create a 5/5 black Demon creature token.	0/1		token	NJB		\nDemon	B	common	Token Creature – Demon 	8	B			5/5		token	NJB		\nBard	R	common	Token Creature – Bard 	9	R		This creature can’t block.	1/1		token	NJB		\nPanda	R	common	Token Creature – Panda 	11	R			3/3		token	NJB		\nDragon	R	common	Token Creature – Dragon 	10	R		Flying	4/4		token	NJB		\nHydra	G	common	Token Creature – Hydra 	13	G			0/0		token	NJB		\nWurm	G	common	Token Creature – Wurm 	17	G		This creature gets +1/+1 for each permanent card in your graveyard.	0/0		token	NJB		\nPlant	G	common	Token Creature – Plant 	15	G			0/1		token	NJB		\nPanda Bear Monk	G	common	Token Creature – Panda Bear Monk 	14	G		When this creature dies, put a loyalty counter on a Ji planeswalker you control.	2/2		token	NJB		\nBeast	G	common	Token Creature – Beast 	12	G			3/3		token	NJB		\nShimaru, the Unfading	G	common	Legendary Token Creature – Wolf Spirit 	16	G		Trample	4/4		token	NJB		\nFox	WR	common	Token Creature – Fox 	18	WR			2/1		token	NJB		\nSpirit		common	Token Creature – Spirit 	1	C		Flying	1/1		token	NJB		\nTreasure		common	Token Artifact – Treasure 	20	C		T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.			token	NJB		\nIdol		common	Token Artifact – Idol 	19	C		1, Sacrifice this artifact: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.			token	NJB		\nZarax Broodqueen	W	mythic	Creature – Galaxian Noble 	36	W	2WW	Flying, vigilanceNEWLINE1W, T: Create a token that’s a copy of another target creature you control, except it’s a 1/1.	3/4		normal	SHF		!tag test\nEnter the Era of Stars	U	mythic	Sorcery	50	U	6UUU	If you haven’t cast a spell named Enter the Era of Stars this game, for the rest of the game, spells you cast have affinity for artifacts. (They cost 1 less to cast for each artifact you control.)NEWLINETake an extra turn after this one. Exile Enter the Era of Stars.			normal	SHF		\nSirocco Cruiser	U	mythic	Creature – Human Pilot 	68	U	3UU	FlyingNEWLINEWhenever an opponent draws a card, create two Junk tokens. (They’re artifacts with “T, Sacrifice this: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”)	3/5		normal	SHF		\nThe Black Mask	B	mythic	Legendary Creature – Galaxian Rogue 	79	B	2BB	At the beginning of combat on your turn, put a shadow counter on up to one target creature. (A creature with shadow can block or be blocked by only creatures with shadow.)NEWLINEWhenever a creature with shadow dies, each opponent loses 2 life and you gain 2 life.	4/5		normal	SHF		\nWreckage Ravager	R	mythic	Creature – Dragon 	147	R	3RR	Flying, hasteNEWLINEWhenever Wreckage Ravager attacks or becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, create a Junk token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”)	4/4		normal	SHF		\nSigrid, the Golden Gunmaiden	R	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker – Sigrid 	137	R	4RR			[+2]: You get an emblem with “If a red or colorless source you control would deal damage to an opponent or a permanent an opponent controls, it deals that much damage plus 1 instead.”NEWLINE[0]: Sigrid deals 3 damage to any target.NEWLINE[-3]: Choose up to one target instant card and up to one target sorcery card in your graveyard. An opponent chooses one of them. Return that card to your hand, then you may cast the other without paying its mana cost. If a card cast this way would be put into your graveyard this turn, exile it instead.	planeswalker	SHF	5	\nSkinshifting Puma	G	mythic	Creature – Cat Lizard 	172	G	2GG	DeathtouchNEWLINEOpponents can’t target Skinshifting Puma with the first spell they cast each turn.NEWLINEProvision: Prevent all damage that would be dealt to Skinshifting Puma this turn. (To provision, pay 3 or sacrifice a nonland permanent with mana value 1 or less.)	4/4		normal	SHF		\nRoaming Cactegu	G	mythic	Creature – Plant Lizard 	169	G	1G	VigilanceNEWLINET, Pay 1 life: Add one mana of any color.NEWLINEFrontier – As long as there are four or more land types among lands you control and Roaming Cactegu isn’t on the battlefield, it’s a Desert Forest land in addition to its other types.	2/2		normal	SHF		\nEvolution Event	G	mythic	Sorcery	157	G	2GGG	Sacrifice any number of creatures. For each creature sacrificed this way, search your library for a creature card with mana value less than or equal to 2 plus the sacrificed creature’s mana value and put it onto the battlefield. Then shuffle.			normal	SHF		\nXylo, the Starfallen	WU	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker – Xylo 	233	WU	2WU			As Xylo enters, exile from your hand and/or graveyard a white or blue card with mana value 1, a white or blue card with mana value 2 or 3, and a white or blue card with mana value 5 or greater.NEWLINE[+1]: You may cast a copy of a card exiled with Xylo with mana value 1 without paying its mana cost.NEWLINE[-2]: You may cast a copy of a card exiled with Xylo with mana value 2 or 3 without paying its mana cost.NEWLINE[-6]: You may cast a copy of a card exiled with Xylo with mana value 5 or greater without paying its mana cost.	planeswalker	SHF	4	\nEli, Wistful Drifter	WB	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker – Eli 	198	WB	1WB			Artifacts you control have “T, Sacrifice this artifact: It deals 1 damage to any target. Activate only as a sorcery.”NEWLINE[+1]: Mill two cards, then you may return a nonland permanent card with mana value 2NEWLINEor less from your graveyard to your hand.NEWLINE[-2]: Eli deals 3 damage to any target that was dealt damage this turn and you gain 3 life.	planeswalker	SHF	3	\nInterstellar Realignment	WUR	mythic	Instant – Projectile 	210	WUR	2URW	Exile up to one target nonland permanent.			spli	SHF			WR	Instant – Projectile 	WUR		Search your library for an instant or sorcery card with mana value other than 5, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle. Create three Treasure tokens.				\nThe Blood Meridian	BR	mythic	Legendary Enchantment	190	BR	1BR	All spells have “As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a nonlegendary permanent.”NEWLINE3BBRR, Sacrifice The Blood Meridian: Each player’s life total becomes 1.			normal	SHF		\nRusty, Sidewinders Brass	BRG	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker – Xiong Mao 	221	BRG	1BRG			[+1]: Create a Junk token.NEWLINE[-3]: You may provision. When you do, search your library for a creature card with mana value 4 or less, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle. (To provision, pay 3 or sacrifice a nonland permanent with mana value 1 or less.)NEWLINE[-6]: You get an emblem with “Whenever you sacrifice a nonland permanent, each other player sacrifices a nonland permanent.”	planeswalker	SHF	4	\nStalker of the Bogs	UBG	mythic	Creature – Wolf 	226	UBG	1BGU	FlashNEWLINEMenace, trampleNEWLINEWhen Stalker of the Bogs enters, target opponent reveals their hand. Choose a nonland card with mana value 3 or less from it. That player exiles the chosen card, then draws a card. Until end of turn, you may cast the exiled card without paying its mana cost and as though it has flash.	3/2		normal	SHF		\nAmelia Hawkeye Hayes	WR	mythic	Legendary Creature – Human Mercenary 	188	WR	2RW	At the beginning of combat on your turn, arm target creature you control. If it’s equipped twice, it gains indestructible until end of turn. (Create a colorless Equipment artifact token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 2 attached to it.)NEWLINEWhenever Amelia attacks, she deals damage to any target equal to the number of Equipments attached to attacking creatures you control. You gain that much life.	3/4		normal	SHF		\nThe Twilight Riders	WBR	mythic	Legendary Creature – Galaxian Mercenary 	229	WBR	RWB	Triple strike (This creature deals first-strike, regular, and last-strike combat damage.)NEWLINEDeadeye – 3: Untap up to three target creatures you control. After this combat phase, there is an additional combat phase. (The first time this deals combat damage to a player each turn, you may activate this ability. It costs 0 if this is equipped.)	1/3		normal	SHF		\nThe Starholme Frontier	UG	mythic	Legendary Enchantment	227	UG	4GU	When The Starholme Frontier enters, if you cast it, shuffle your hand and graveyard into your library, then create seven Junk tokens. (They’re artifacts with “T, Sacrifice this: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”)NEWLINEFrontier – Once each turn, if there are four or more land types among lands you control, you may cast a creature spell without paying its mana cost.			normal	SHF		\nThe Apocalypse Dial		mythic	Legendary Artifact	235	C	3	T, Pay 2 life: Look at the top two cards of your library. Put one into your hand and exile the other. Then if you have exactly 14 life and you both own and control The Apocalypse Dial and an artifact named The Apocalypse Pendulum, exile them, then meld them into Azumoth, the Apocalypse.			transform double faced	SHF		Azumoth, the Apocalypse		Legendary Creature – Eldrazi 	C						\nThe Smoking Gun		mythic	Legendary Planeswalker – Ghariv 	1	C	5			[+1]: Create a colorless Bullet artifact token with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: It deals 1 damage to any target.”NEWLINE[0]: Until end of turn, target noncreature artifact you control becomes a 4/4 artifact creature. The next time you would activate an ability of that artifact this turn, if it’s tapped, you may pay 0 rather than pay that ability’s costs.NEWLINE[-6]: Exile each permanent that’s one or more colors.	planeswalker	SHF	4	\nDrifting Moon	W	rare	Creature – Jellyfish 	11	W	W	Flying, lifelinkNEWLINEWhenever an ability of a permanent an opponent controls triggers for the first time each turn, draw a card unless that player pays 1.	1/1		normal	SHF		\nOpportune Musketeer	W	rare	Creature – Galaxian Mercenary 	23	W	1W	When Opportune Musketeer enters, search your library for an Equipment card with mana value 3 or less, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.NEWLINEDeadeye – W: Each player draws a card. (The first time this deals combat damage to a player each turn, you may activate this ability. It costs 0 if this is equipped.)	1/2		normal	SHF		\nAnnie White Rose Harper	W	rare	Legendary Creature – Human Mercenary 	2	W	1WW	VigilanceNEWLINEWhen Annie enters, create Scooter, a legendary 2/1 white Dog creature token with “This creature has indestructible during your turn as long as you control a Human.”NEWLINEWhenever Annie and at least three other creatures attack, creatures you control get +1/+0 until end of turn.	1/3		normal	SHF		\nProcession of the Alliance	W	rare	Sorcery	24	W	1WW	As an additional cost to cast this spell, provision. (To provision, pay 3 or sacrifice a nonland permanent with mana value 1 or less.)NEWLINELook at the top ten cards of your library. For each mana value 1, 2, and 3, you may put a creature card with that mana value from among the revealed cards onto the battlefield. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.			normal	SHF		\nSunset Over Pike's Chapel	W	rare	Enchantment	32	W	3W	When Sunset Over Pike’s Chapel enters, you gain 5 life.NEWLINEEach player who cast a spell this turn can’t attack, and each player who attacked this turn can’t cast spells.			normal	SHF		\nBlessing of the Twin Suns	W	rare	Instant – Projectile 	5	W	1W	Until your next turn, target permanent you control gains protection from everything. (It can’t be targeted, dealt damage, enchanted, or equipped by anything.)			spli	SHF			W	Instant – Projectile 	W		Until your next turn, you can’t lose life, you can’t lose the game, and your opponents can’t win the game.				\nJack Flash Jacobs	U	rare	Legendary Creature – Human Rogue 	55	U	2UU	FlashNEWLINEWhen Jack enters, exile target spell until Jack leaves the battlefield.NEWLINEDeadeye – 4UU: You may cast a card exiled with Jack without paying its mana cost. (The first time this deals combat damage to a player each turn, you may activate this ability. It costs 0 if this is equipped.)	2/2		normal	SHF		\nShadow Puppeteer	U	rare	Creature – Human Bard 	67	U	2U	Ward 2 (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player pays 2.)NEWLINEWhenever you cast a noncreature spell, you may return another creature you control to its owner’s hand. If that spell has mana value 5 or greater, create a token that’s a copy of that creature.	2/4		normal	SHF		\nAione, the First Galaxian	U	rare	Legendary Creature – Galaxian Pilot 	39	U	1U	When Aione enters, create a 3/3 colorless Vehicle artifact token with flying and crew 2. (It has “Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 1 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.”)NEWLINEWhenever you cast your second spell each turn, draw a card, then discard a card.	1/1		normal	SHF		\nLunar Fallout	U	rare	Enchantment	58	U	1U	Creature spells you cast cost 2 less to cast.NEWLINEIf a creature would enter under your control and you cast it, instead it enters as a noncreature artifact with “2: This artifact becomes a creature and loses this ability.”			normal	SHF		\nCanyon Maraterra	U	rare	Creature – Whale 	44	U	6UU	FlyingNEWLINEThis spell can’t be countered.NEWLINEAt the beginning of your end step, untap up to four lands with different land types.NEWLINEFrontier – Whenever Canyon Maraterra attacks, if there are four or more land types among lands you control, draw cards until you have four cards in your hand.	6/6		normal	SHF		\nAd Astra	U	rare	Sorcery – Projectile 	38	U	2UU	Look at the top four cards of your library. Put two into your hand and the rest on the bottom in any order.			spli	SHF			U	Sorcery – Projectile 	U		Create a 0/0 blue Elemental creature token with “This creature gets +1/+1 for each card in your hand.”				\nNox, the Graven Gunman	B	rare	Legendary Creature – Galaxian Rogue 	98	B	1B	When Nox enters, if you cast him from your hand, arm him. (Create a colorless Equipment artifact token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 2 attached to it.)NEWLINEEquipments stay attached to Nox as he moves to any zone other than a player’s hand or library.NEWLINE1B, Sacrifice an Equipment attached to Nox: Return him from your graveyard to the battlefield. He can’t block this turn.	2/1		normal	SHF		\nShadowband Posse	B	rare	Creature – Galaxian Rogue 	105	B	2BB	Menace, deathtouchNEWLINEDeadeye – 1B, Sacrifice another creature: Draw two cards and you lose 2 life. (The first time this deals combat damage to a player each turn, you may activate this ability. It costs 0 if this is equipped.)	2/5		normal	SHF		\nDebt Collectors	B	rare	Creature – Human Rogue 	83	B	1BB	Ward–Discard a card.NEWLINEWhenever Debt Collectors attacks, destroy target creature defending player controls unless they have you create two tapped Treasure tokens.NEWLINE10: Each opponent loses 10 life and you gain 10 life.	3/3		normal	SHF		\nThe Gallows at Whiskey Bend	B	rare	Legendary Enchantment	88	B	2BB	When The Gallows at Whiskey Bend enters, target creature gets -4/-4 until end of turn.NEWLINEAt the beginning of your end step, if a creature died this turn, create a Junk token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”)			normal	SHF		\nXiong Mao, a.k.a. Rusty	B	rare	Sorcery	110	B	3BB	Destroy target creature or planeswalker. Create a token that’s a copy of it, except it’s a 3/3 red Panda Mercenary creature in addition to its other colors and types.			normal	SHF		\nSpray and Pray	B	rare	Sorcery – Projectile 	107	B	4BB	Destroy all nonlegendary creatures.			spli	SHF			B	Sorcery – Projectile 	B		Put up to one target legendary creature card from a graveyard onto the battlefield under your control.				\nGearworks Pest	R	rare	Creature – Scorpion 	125	R	R	MenaceNEWLINEWhenever Gearworks Pest attacks, you may sacrifice a non-Junk artifact. If you do, put a +1/+1 counter on Gearworks Pest and create a Junk token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”)	1/2		normal	SHF		\nKaelan Nova, Starsplitter	R	rare	Legendary Creature – Galaxian Mercenary 	130	R	1RR	Prowess (Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)NEWLINEWhenever you cast a spell from anywhere other than your hand, create an X/1 red Elemental creature token with haste, where X is that spell’s mana value. Exile that token at the beginning of the next end step.	2/2		normal	SHF		\nFireball Bootleggers	R	rare	Creature – Human Mercenary 	121	R	2RR	HasteNEWLINEDeadeye – 2RR: Fireball Bootleggers deals 4 damage to any target. (The first time this deals combat damage to a player each turn, you may activate this ability. It costs 0 if this is equipped.)	4/4		normal	SHF		\nSkyfissure Dragon	R	rare	Creature – Dragon 	138	R	4RR	FlyingNEWLINEFrontier – Whenever Skyfissure Dragon attacks, if there are four or more land types among lands you control, create a token that’s a copy of target attacking creature you control, except it’s a 3/3 Dragon with flying in addition to its other types. Exile that token at end of combat.	5/5		normal	SHF		\nVolatile Machinations	R	rare	Enchantment	145	R	3R	At the beginning of your upkeep, create a Junk token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”)NEWLINE3RR, Sacrifice ten artifacts: Volatile Machinations deals 20 damage to any target.			normal	SHF		\nChase the Ace	R	rare	Sorcery – Projectile 	115	R	3R	Chase the Ace deals 6 damage to any nonplayer target.			spli	SHF			R	Sorcery – Projectile 	R		Discover 3. (Exile cards from the top of your library until you exile a nonland card with mana value 3 or less. Cast it without paying its mana cost or put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom in a random order.)				\nVerdurous Sibyl	G	rare	Creature – Galaxian Druid 	180	G	1G	T: Add G.NEWLINET, Provision: Reveal the top three cards of your library and choose a permanent card from among them. If it’s a land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped. Otherwise, put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order. (To provision, pay 3 or sacrifice a nonland permanent with mana value 1 or less.)	2/2		normal	SHF		\nBarbed Cactimber	G	rare	Creature – Plant Treefolk 	150	G	3GG	ReachNEWLINEWhen Barbed Cactimber enters, create two 1/1 green Plant creature tokens with deathtouch.NEWLINEWhenever a creature you control attacks alone, it must be blocked this combat if able.	3/3		normal	SHF		\nScourge of Devil's Spine	G	rare	Creature – Wurm 	170	G	5GG	This spell can’t be countered.NEWLINEVigilanceNEWLINEFrontier – Whenever an opponent casts a noncreature spell, if there are four or more land types among lands you control, you may have Scourge of Devil’s Spine fight target creature that player controls. If they control no creatures, draw a card instead.	7/7		normal	SHF		\nWhere the Wild Things Are	G	rare	Enchantment	185	G	2GG	Whenever Where the Wild Things Are or a land you control enters, create a 3/1 green Beast creature token.NEWLINEFrontier – As long as there are four or more land types among lands you control, creatures you control get +1/+1 and have trample.			normal	SHF		\nCross the Verge	G	rare	Sorcery	156	G	G	Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.NEWLINEFrontier – If there are four or more land types among lands you control, instead search your library for a creature or land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.			normal	SHF		\nTactical Emesis	G	rare	Sorcery – Projectile 	177	G	1G	Create a green 3/1 Beast creature token.			spli	SHF			G	Sorcery – Projectile 	G		Until end of turn, up to one target creature you control gains trample and “Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, draw two cards.”				\nThe Varathian Consulate	WU	rare	Legendary Creature – Galaxian Advisor 	231	WU	2WU	Whenever a permanent you control enters the battlefield from exile or you cast a spell from exile, draw a card and you gain 2 life.NEWLINE1WU: Exile target creature. Return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control at the beginning of your next upkeep. Activate only during your turn.	3/4		normal	SHF		\nCloudbreacher Oktujo	WU	rare	Creature – Fish 	194	WU	5WU	Flying, ward 2NEWLINECreature tokens you control have flying.NEWLINEWhenever Cloudbreacher Oktujo attacks, create a number of attacking 3/1 green Beast creature tokens equal to one plus the number of spells you’ve cast this turn. Exile those tokens at end of combat.	4/4		normal	SHF		\nCut from the Same Cloth	UB	rare	Enchantment	197	UB	1UB	Whenever you cast a creature spell, you may pay life equal to its mana value. If you do, copy it, except the copy isn’t legendary. (A copy of a permanent spell resolves as a token.)			normal	SHF		\nGoon Squad	UB	rare	Legendary Creature – Galaxian Mercenary 	204	UB	3UB	MenaceNEWLINEDeadeye – 1UB: Exile the top three cards of defending player’s library. You may cast a card exiled this way without paying its mana cost. (The first time this deals combat damage to a player each turn, you may activate this ability. It costs 0 if this is equipped.)	5/5		normal	SHF		\nThe Siege at Cutler's Corral	BR	rare	Legendary Enchantment	224	BR	2BR	At the beginning of combat on your turn, put a bone counter on The Siege at Cutler’s Corral, then return up to one target creature card with mana value less than or equal to the number of bone counters on The Siege at Cutler’s Corral from your graveyard to the battlefield. It gains haste. Exile it at end of combat.			normal	SHF		\nPreacher Moore	BR	rare	Legendary Creature – Human Mercenary 	219	BR	BR	Preacher Moore has indestructible as long as it’s your turn.NEWLINECreatures you control have “Deadeye – 2: Defending player gets a sin counter. Then if that player has seven or more sin counters, they lose the game.” (The first time a creature deals combat damage to a player each turn, you may activate its deadeye ability. It costs 0 if it’s equipped.)	2/2		normal	SHF		\nRavenous Cactyrant	RG	rare	Creature – Plant Dragon 	220	RG	2RG	When Ravenous Cactyrant enters, destroy target artifact or enchantment an opponent controls.NEWLINEFrontier – Ravenous Cactyrant has flying and trample as long as there are four or more land types among lands you control.	4/4		normal	SHF		\nHunted Sandwurm	RG	rare	Creature – Wurm 	208	RG	1RG	TrampleNEWLINEAt the beginning of each opponent’s upkeep, that player creates two 1/1 white Mercenary creature tokens. They gain haste.NEWLINEWhenever another creature attacks, Hunted Sandwurm fights it.	6/6		normal	SHF		\nJuniper Greenthumb Carter	WG	rare	Legendary Creature – Human Scout 	212	WG	1GW	You may play an additional land on each of your turns.NEWLINEFrontier – At the beginning of combat on your turn, if there are four or more land types among lands you control, you may have target land you control become a 3/3 Elemental creature with vigilance and haste. It’s still a land.	3/3		normal	SHF		\nAmberhorn Bear	WG	rare	Creature – Bear 	187	WG	GW	Vigilance, lifelinkNEWLINEActivated abilities of planeswalkers and artifacts cost 2 more to activate.	2/3		normal	SHF		\nMarketto, the Trafficker	WB	rare	Legendary Creature – Galaxian Rogue 	214	WB	1WB	W, T, Pay 1 life: Create a 1/1 white Mercenary creature token.NEWLINE1B, T, Pay 2 life: Draw a card.NEWLINE2WB, T, Pay 4 life: Destroy target artifact, enchantment, or planeswalker.	2/4		normal	SHF		\nMorris and the Lacy Gang	WB	rare	Legendary Creature – Human Mercenary 	217	WB	3WB	At the beginning of combat on your turn, arm target creature you control. Then if you control an equipped creature with flying, all equipped creatures you control gain flying until end of turn. The same is true for agile, first strike, double strike, deathtouch, haste, lifelink, menace, reach, trample, and vigilance. (Create a colorless Equipment artifact token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 2 attached to it.)	3/4		normal	SHF		\nThe Folly of Yesteryear	BG	rare	Enchantment	199	BG	1BG	Once each turn during each of your turns, you may cast a permanent card from your graveyard by provisioning in addition to paying that card’s mana cost. It enters with a finality counter on it. (To provision, pay 3 or sacrifice a nonland permanent with mana value 1 or less.)			normal	SHF		\nHound of the Hellbreak	BG	rare	Legendary Creature – Demon Dog 	207	BG	2BG	TrampleNEWLINEAt the beginning of each combat, an opponent may have a creature they control fight Hound of the Hellbreak. If they do, tap Hound of the Hellbreak.NEWLINEAt the beginning of each end step, if two or more creatures died this turn, you may draw a card. If you do, each player loses 2 life.	6/6		normal	SHF		\nMake Sense from Scrap	UG	rare	Sorcery	213	UG	8GU	As an additional cost to cast this spell, you may sacrifice any number of artifact tokens. This spell costs 2 less to cast for each token sacrificed this way.NEWLINELook at the top eight cards of your library. Choose any number of nonland cards from among them with total mana value 8 or less and cast them without paying their mana costs. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.			normal	SHF		\nOktujo Shepherd	UG	rare	Creature – Galaxian Scout 	218	UG	2GU	Ward 1 (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player pays 1.)NEWLINEWhenever you cast a noncreature spell, create a 3/1 green Beast creature token. Then if that spell has mana value 5 or greater, for each token you control, create a copy of that token.	3/4		normal	SHF		\nClementine Cogs Faraday	UR	rare	Legendary Creature – Galaxian Artificer 	193	UR	1UR	Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, create a Junk token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”)NEWLINESpells you cast from exile cost 1 less to cast.	2/3		normal	SHF		\nImpavid Trailblazer	UR	rare	Creature – Galaxian Scout 	209	UR	3UR	Frontier – Whenever Impavid Trailblazer enters or attacks, if there are four or more land types among lands you control, discover 4. (Exile cards from the top of your library until you exile a nonland card with mana value 4 or less. Cast it without paying its mana cost or put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom in a random order.)	4/5		normal	SHF		\nShootout at the Mesa	WR	rare	Sorcery	223	WR	1RWW	Choose target creature you control and target creature you don’t control. Destroy the rest. Those creatures’ controllers arm them, then they fight each other. (Create colorless Equipment artifact tokens with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 2 attached to them.)			normal	SHF		\nCarson Livewire Legette	WR	rare	Legendary Creature – Human Mercenary 	192	WR	RW	Haste, agile (This creature deals combat damage first as long as it’s attacking.)NEWLINEThe first equip cost you pay each turn costs 4 less.NEWLINEDeadeye – 1: Put a +1/+1 counter on Carson. (The first time this deals combat damage to a player each turn, you may activate this ability. It costs 0 if this is equipped.)	2/1		normal	SHF		\nGalaxian's Best Friend		rare	Artifact Creature – Junk Dog 	240	C	1	HasteNEWLINET, Sacrifice Galaxian’s Best Friend: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.NEWLINEYou may cast Galaxian’s Best Friend from your graveyard by sacrificing a non-Dog artifact in addition to paying its other costs.	1/1		normal	SHF		\nFractured Turbine		rare	Artifact	239	C	4	T: Copy target triggered ability you control. You may choose new targets for the copy.			normal	SHF		\nGunslinger's Leatherworks		rare	Artifact – Equipment 	241	C	2	Equipped creature gets +3/+1 and has first strike.NEWLINEEquip equipped creature 0			normal	SHF		\nRunaway Freight		rare	Artifact – Vehicle 	244	C	3	Trample, hasteNEWLINEWhen Runaway Freight dies, if it’s a creature, create three Junk tokens. (They’re artifacts with “T, Sacrifice this: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”)NEWLINESacrifice another permanent: Runaway Freight becomes a creature until end of turn.	5/1		normal	SHF		\nConsulate Bellwether		rare	Legendary Artifact – Vehicle 	237	C	5	FlyingNEWLINEWhen Consulate Bellwether enters, draw a card.NEWLINEAt the beginning of combat on your turn, you may put a creature card with mana value 3 or less from your hand onto the battlefield. That creature crews Consulate Bellwether this turn if able. Return that creature to your hand at end of combat.NEWLINECrew 3	5/5		normal	SHF		\nVarathian Watchtower		rare	Land – Tower 	270	C		T: Add C.NEWLINET, Pay 2 life: Target creature can’t attack this turn.			normal	SHF		\nCrystalline Clutches		rare	Land – Mine 	255	WUBRG		T: Add C. Put a gem counter on Crystalline Clutches.NEWLINE4, T: Add WUBRG. Activate only if there are five or more gem counters on Crystalline Clutches.			normal	SHF		\nTransuding Grotto		rare	Land – Cave 	266	C		T: Add C.NEWLINE1, T: Sacrifice another land. When you do, Transuding Grotto becomes a copy of that land, except it’s a Cave in addition to its other types. Search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	SHF		\nThe Slaughterhills		rare	Land – Lair 	262	C		T: Add C.NEWLINE4, T: Create Flesh, a 5/3 red Cat legendary creature token with menace, and Bones, a 3/5 black Dog legendary creature token with deathtouch. Activate only if four or more creatures died this turn and only once.			normal	SHF		\nGalactic Reach		rare	Land – Gate 	256	C		T: Add C.NEWLINEFrontier – 2, T: Add two mana of different colors. This ability costs 1 less to activate if there are four or more land types among lands you control.			normal	SHF		\nLaden Steed	W	uncommon	Creature – Horse 	17	W	W	When Laden Steed enters, arm target creature you control. (Create a colorless Equipment artifact token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 2 attached to it.)	1/1		normal	SHF		\nZarax Duelist	W	uncommon	Creature – Galaxian Mercenary 	37	W	1W	FlyingNEWLINEWhenever Zarax Duelist attacks, target Human you control gets +1/+1 and gains flying until end of turn.	1/2		normal	SHF		\nBoot Hill Liberator	W	uncommon	Creature – Human Mercenary 	6	W	1W	Equipped creatures you control get +0/+1.NEWLINE1, T: Arm each creature that entered the battlefield this turn. (Create a colorless Equipment artifact token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 2 attached to it.)	2/2		normal	SHF		\nHissing Sunspitter	W	uncommon	Creature – Lizard Horse 	16	W	2W	Whenever you cast a spell, if it’s the second spell you cast this turn, creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn. If it’s the third spell you cast this turn, creatures you control gain first strike until end of turn.	3/3		normal	SHF		\nLuke The Duke McCall	W	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Human Mercenary 	21	W	2W	When Luke enters, search your library for up to two cards named McCall .45 Special and put them onto the battlefield, then shuffle.NEWLINEEquip costs you activate cost 1 less to activate. This can’t reduce the cost to less than one mana.	2/2		normal	SHF		\nSandsteppe Trooper	W	uncommon	Creature – Galaxian Scout 	27	W	3WW	Agile (This creature deals combat damage first as long as it’s attacking.)NEWLINEDeadeye – 2W: Return target creature card with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield. (The first time this deals combat damage to a player each turn, you may activate this ability. It costs 0 if this is equipped.)	5/3		normal	SHF		\nVarathian Foragers	W	uncommon	Creature – Galaxian Scout 	35	W	3W	At the beginning of combat on your turn, target creature you control gains “When this creature dies, if it was equipped, draw two cards” until end of combat.	2/5		normal	SHF		\nCaravan Sideshow	W	uncommon	Creature – Human Bard 	8	W	4W	LifelinkNEWLINEWhen Caravan Sideshow enters, exile target creature an opponent controls until target Galaxian you control leaves the battlefield.	4/5		normal	SHF		\nCharitable Oktujo	W	uncommon	Creature – Beast 	10	W	3W	Whenever Charitable Oktujo enters or attacks, you may provision. (To provision, pay 3 or sacrifice a nonland permanent with mana value 1 or less.)NEWLINEWhenever you provision, target creature you control gains agile and lifelink until end of turn. (It deals combat damage first as long as it’s attacking.)	3/3		normal	SHF		\nCelestial Disturbance	W	uncommon	Instant	9	W	W	Exile target creature. That card’s owner may cast it for as long as it remains exiled. If you own it, you may pay 0 rather than pay that card’s mana cost.			normal	SHF		\nQuickdraw Revolver	W	uncommon	Artifact – Equipment 	25	W	2W	FlashNEWLINEWhen Quickdraw Revolver enters, attach it to target creature you control.NEWLINEEquipped creature gets +2/+0 and has agile. (That creature deals combat damage first as long as it’s attacking.)NEWLINEEquip 2			normal	SHF		\nLeave in the Dust	W	uncommon	Sorcery	18	W	1W	Exile target creature or planeswalker. Its controller creates a Junk token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”)			normal	SHF		\nA Long Road Ahead	W	uncommon	Enchantment	20	W	2W	When A Long Road Ahead enters, create a 1/1 white Mercenary creature token.NEWLINEWhenever you provision, draw a card.			normal	SHF		\nThe Shot That Saved Skyhaven	W	uncommon	Sorcery – Projectile 	29	W	3W	Reveal the top five cards of your library. You may put a creature card with mana value 3 or less from among them onto the battlefield. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.			spli	SHF			W	Sorcery – Projectile 	W		Distribute three +1/+1 counters among any number of target creatures you control.				\nSkyhaven Deputy	U	uncommon	Creature – Human Mercenary 	69	U	1U	VigilanceNEWLINE5, T: Draw a card. This ability costs X less to activate, where X is the greatest mana value among noncreature spells you cast this turn.	2/2		normal	SHF		\nEphemeral Fennec	U	uncommon	Creature – Fox 	51	U	1U	Whenever you cast a spell from anywhere other than your hand, you may draw a card. If you do, discard a card.	1/4		normal	SHF		\nAkimbo Specialist	U	uncommon	Creature – Galaxian Mercenary 	40	U	2U	Akimbo Specialist can’t be blocked by creatures with power 3 or greater.NEWLINEDeadeye – 1U: Target creature phases out until your next turn. (The first time this deals combat damage to a player each turn, you may activate this ability. It costs 0 if this is equipped.)	3/2		normal	SHF		\nBack Country Navigator	U	uncommon	Creature – Human Rogue 	42	U	2U	When Back Country Navigator enters, arm target creature you control. That creature can’t be blocked this turn. (Create a colorless Equipment artifact token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 2 attached to it.)	1/4		normal	SHF		\nSlicky Glump	U	uncommon	Creature – Lizard 	70	U	2UU	When Slicky Glump enters, choose up to one target instant or sorcery card in your graveyard. If its mana value is 2 or less, exile it, then cast a copy of it without paying its mana cost. If its mana value is 5 or greater, return it to your hand.	2/2		normal	SHF		\nKono, Galvanic Gunman	U	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Galaxian Rogue 	56	U	3U	Whenever you cast a spell, if it’s the second spell you cast this turn, create a token copy of target nonlegendary creature you control, except it has base power and toughness 1/1. If it’s the third spell you cast this turn, put two +1/+1 counters on target creature you control that entered the battlefield this turn.	3/3		normal	SHF		\nCrimson Sea Glider	U	uncommon	Creature – Human Mercenary 	47	U	3UU	FlyingNEWLINEDeadeye – 2U: Draw a card. (The first time this deals combat damage to a player each turn, you may activate this ability. It costs 0 if this is equipped.)	4/3		normal	SHF		\nCrash Site Curators	U	uncommon	Creature – Galaxian Artificer 	46	U	5U	When Crash Site Curators enters, up to two target artifacts you control become artifact creatures with base power and toughness 4/4 for as long as Crash Site Curators remains on the battlefield.	4/4		normal	SHF		\nScrapper's Shank	U	uncommon	Artifact – Equipment 	66	U	U	Equipped creature gets +1/+0 and has “Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, create a Junk token.” (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”)NEWLINEEquip 2			normal	SHF		\nRun Off the Tracks	U	uncommon	Enchantment – Aura 	63	U	1U	FlashNEWLINEEnchant creature or artifactNEWLINEEnchanted permanent is a colorless Junk artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery” and loses all other card types and abilities.			normal	SHF		\nMagnetic Flux	U	uncommon	Instant	59	U	3U	This spell costs 1 less to cast for each artifact token you control.NEWLINECounter target spell unless its controller pays 3.			normal	SHF		\nThis Town Ain't Big Enough	U	uncommon	Instant	72	U	4U	This spell costs 3 less to cast if it targets a permanent you control.NEWLINEReturn up to two nonland permanents to their owners’ hands.			normal	SHF		f!reprint\nQualms of Conscience	U	uncommon	Enchantment – Aura 	61	U	3UU	Enchant creatureNEWLINEYou control enchanted creature.NEWLINEEnchanted creature is a white Mercenary with base power and toughness 1/1.			normal	SHF		\nStarshard	U	uncommon	Sorcery – Projectile 	71	U	2U	Return up to one target instant card from your graveyard to your hand.			spli	SHF			U	Sorcery – Projectile 	U		Return up to one target sorcery card not named Starshard from your graveyard to your hand.				\nSubterranean Ravager	B	uncommon	Creature – Mole 	108	B	B	When Subterranean Ravager enters or dies, mill three cards.	1/1		normal	SHF		\nGrim Visionary	B	uncommon	Creature – Galaxian Mercenary 	90	B	B	MenaceNEWLINEWhenever Grim Visionary attacks, target Human you control gets +1/+1 and gains menace until end of turn.	1/2		normal	SHF		\nBackland Scrounger	B	uncommon	Creature – Human Mercenary 	76	B	1B	Deadeye – Pay 3 life: Create a Junk token. (The first time this deals combat damage to a player each turn, you may activate this ability. It costs 0 if this is equipped. A Junk token is an artifact with “T: Sacrifice this: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”)	2/2		normal	SHF		\nPestilent Ghelhound	B	uncommon	Creature – Dog 	99	B	1B	Pestilent Ghelhound can’t block.NEWLINEWhenever you sacrifice a nonland permanent, you may pay 2B. If you do, return Pestilent Ghelhound from your graveyard to the battlefield.	3/1		normal	SHF		\nHunter of the Helpless	B	uncommon	Creature – Galaxian Rogue 	92	B	2B	When Hunter of the Helpless enters, arm target creature you control. When you do, each player sacrifices an unequipped creature. (Create a colorless Equipment artifact token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 2 attached to it.)	2/2		normal	SHF		\nGhost Town Crier	B	uncommon	Creature – Human Rogue 	89	B	2B	DeathtouchNEWLINEDeadeye – 1B: Defending player exiles a card from their hand unless they have exactly one card in hand. (The first time this deals combat damage to a player each turn, you may activate this ability. It costs 0 if this is equipped.)	1/4		normal	SHF		\nDust Devil Lieutenant	B	uncommon	Creature – Human Rogue 	84	B	2BB	When Dust Devil Lieutenant enters, target creature an opponent controls gets -X/-X until end of turn, where X is 2 plus the greatest power among Galaxians you control.	3/2		normal	SHF		\nMr. Skath of the Brain Gang	B	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Galaxian Mercenary 	97	B	3B	When Mr. Skath enters, search your graveyard or library for a card named Dead Man Walkin’ and put it onto the battlefield, then arm it. If you searched your library this way, shuffle. (Create a colorless Equipment artifact token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 2 attached to it.)	2/3		normal	SHF		\nPit Cockatrice	B	uncommon	Creature – Cockatrice 	100	B	8B	This spell costs 1 less to cast for each creature card in your graveyard.NEWLINEAs long as a creature card in your graveyard has flying, Pit Cockatrice has flying. The same is true for agile, first strike, double strike, deathtouch, haste, lifelink, menace, reach, trample, and vigilance.	5/5		normal	SHF		\nMerciless Plunder	B	uncommon	Sorcery	96	B	1B	Target opponent reveals their hand. You choose a nonland card from it. That player discards that card. Each player creates a Junk token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”)			normal	SHF		\nTerminal Dehydration	B	uncommon	Instant	109	B	B	As an additional cost to cast this spell, provision. (To provision, pay 3 or sacrifice a nonland permanent with mana value 1 or less.)NEWLINEDestroy target creature or planeswalker.			normal	SHF		\nHunter's Carapace	B	uncommon	Artifact – Equipment 	93	B	3B	When Hunter’s Carapace enters, you may return target creature card with mana value 4 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield, then attach Hunter’s Carapace to it.NEWLINEEquipped creature gets +1/+0 and has menace.NEWLINEEquip 2			normal	SHF		\nCorner the Black Market	B	uncommon	Sorcery	81	B	1BB	Choose two. You may choose the same mode twice –NEWLINE• Draw a card. You lose 1 life.NEWLINE• All creatures get -1/-1 until end of turn.			normal	SHF		\nLever-Action at Nearly-Lethal Range	B	uncommon	Sorcery – Projectile 	95	B	3B	Target player sacrifices the creature they control with the greatest power among creatures they control.			spli	SHF			B	Sorcery – Projectile 	B		Return up to one target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.				\nSlag Spitter	R	uncommon	Creature – Lizard 	139	R	R	Agile (This creature deals combat damage first as long as it’s attacking.)NEWLINEFrontier – 2R: Put two +1/+1 counters on Slag Spitter. It deals 2 damage to any target. Activate only if there are four or more land types among lands you control, only as a sorcery, and only once.	1/1		normal	SHF		\nTrickshot Artist	R	uncommon	Creature – Human Mercenary 	144	R	1R	Whenever you cast a spell from anywhere other than your hand, Trickshot Artist deals damage equal to its power to target opponent.NEWLINE2R: Trickshot Artist gets +2/+0 until end of turn.	1/3		normal	SHF		\nGearworks Supervisor	R	uncommon	Creature – Human Artificer 	126	R	1R	Each Equipment you control is a Junk in addition to its other types and has “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”	2/2		normal	SHF		\nBlitzreaver	R	uncommon	Creature – Lizard 	113	R	2R	HasteNEWLINEWhenever Blitzreaver attacks, you may provision. If you do, target creature defending player controls can’t block this turn. (To provision, pay 3 or sacrifice a nonland permanent with mana value 1 or less.)	3/2		normal	SHF		\nDebris Pillager	R	uncommon	Creature – Galaxian Mercenary 	118	R	2R	Whenever Debris Pillager attacks, create a Junk token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”)	4/2		normal	SHF		\nRavine Thresher	R	uncommon	Creature – Wurm 	134	R	3R	Whenever you sacrifice a nonland permanent, create a 3/1 green Beast creature token. It gains haste. This ability triggers only once each turn.	4/3		normal	SHF		\nBeast of the Bluffs	R	uncommon	Creature – Beast 	112	R	3R	ReachNEWLINEFrontier – When Beast of the Bluffs enters, if there are four or more land types among lands you control, Beast of the Bluffs deals 3 damage to any target.	3/4		normal	SHF		\nHemophage Infuser	R	uncommon	Creature – Galaxian Warlock 	129	R	4R	At the beginning of combat on your turn, target creature you control gains “When this creature dies, it deals damage equal to its power to target player or planeswalker” until end of turn.	4/5		normal	SHF		\nSnatch and Grab	R	uncommon	Instant	140	R	R	Snatch and Grab deals 1 damage to any target. Create a Junk token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”)			normal	SHF		\nFire at Shaw's Chapel	R	uncommon	Sorcery	120	R	1RR	Choose up to one target equipped creature, then choose one –NEWLINE• Fire at Shaw’s Chapel deals 3 damage to the chosen creature.NEWLINE• Fire at Shaw’s Chapel deals 2 damage to each creature other than the chosen creature.			normal	SHF		\nGet the Drop	R	uncommon	Instant	127	R	1R	Arm target creature you control. It gains double strike until end of turn. (Create a colorless Equipment artifact token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 2 attached to it.)			normal	SHF		\nBounty Hunting	R	uncommon	Sorcery	114	R	1R	Arm target creature you control. Then it deals damage equal to its power to target creature or planeswalker you don’t control. (Create a colorless Equipment artifact token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 2 attached to it.)			normal	SHF		\nGuns A-Blazing	R	uncommon	Instant	128	R	1R	As an additional cost to cast this spell, provision. (To provision, pay 3 or sacrifice a nonland permanent with mana value 1 or less.)NEWLINEGuns A-Blazing deals 4 damage to any target.			normal	SHF		\nNow Watch Me Whip	R	uncommon	Sorcery – Projectile 	132	R	RR	Up to two target creatures can’t block this turn.			spli	SHF			R	Sorcery – Projectile 	R		When you cast your next instant or sorcery spell with mana value 4 or less this turn, copy that spell. You may choose new targets for the copy.				\nSilent Sands Wanderer	G	uncommon	Creature – Galaxian Scout 	171	G	G	When Silent Sands Wanderer enters, create a tapped 3/1 green Beast creature token. It doesn’t untap during your untap step for as long as you control this creature.	1/1		normal	SHF		\nBarging Tusker	G	uncommon	Creature – Rhino 	151	G	1G	TrampleNEWLINEFrontier – At the beginning of combat on your turn, if there are four or more land types among lands you control, target creature you control gets +2/+2 until end of turn.	2/2		normal	SHF		\nWeathered Survivor	G	uncommon	Creature – Human Mercenary 	184	G	1G	Provision: Weathered Survivor gains indestructible until end of turn. Tap it. (To provision, pay 3 or sacrifice a nonland permanent with mana value 1 or less.)	3/2		normal	SHF		\nOktujo Tracker	G	uncommon	Creature – Galaxian Scout 	165	G	2G	At the beginning of combat on your turn, you may provision. (To provision, pay 3 or sacrifice a nonland permanent with mana value 1 or less.)NEWLINEWhenever you provision, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control.	3/3		normal	SHF		\nSlobbering Moa	G	uncommon	Creature – Bird 	174	G	2G	ReachNEWLINEWhen Slobbering Moa enters, mill four cards, then you may put a land card with a mana ability from your graveyard onto the battlefield tapped.	1/3		normal	SHF		\nVirulent Cactaipan	G	uncommon	Creature – Plant Beast 	181	G	1GG	Vigilance, deathtouch	2/4		normal	SHF		\nJake's Sentinels	G	uncommon	Creature – Human Mercenary 	159	G	3G	When Jake’s Sentinels enters, create two 1/1 white Mercenary creature tokens.NEWLINEWhenever you cast a noncreature spell, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control. If that spell has mana value 5 or greater, put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control instead.	2/2		normal	SHF		\nBurgeoning Cactiger	G	uncommon	Creature – Plant Cat 	153	G	3GG	VigilanceNEWLINEBurgeoning Cactiger can’t be blocked by more than one creature.NEWLINEFrontier – Burgeoning Cactiger must be blocked each combat if able as long as there are four or more land types among lands you control.	5/5		normal	SHF		\nMoss-Laden Leaper	G	uncommon	Creature – Frog 	161	G	4GG	FlashNEWLINEReach, trampleNEWLINEWhen Moss-Laden Leaper enters, destroy target artifact or enchantment.	6/6		normal	SHF		\nA New Horizon Calls	G	uncommon	Enchantment	163	G	2G	You may play an additional land on each of your turns.NEWLINELands you control have “T, Sacrifice this land: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”			normal	SHF		\nVulture's Bounty	G	uncommon	Instant	182	G	G	Create a Junk token, then target creature you control gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each nonland permanent you control with mana value 1 or less. (They’re artifacts with “T, Sacrifice this: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”)			normal	SHF		\nChirring Rig	G	uncommon	Artifact – Equipment 	155	G	3GG	When Chirring Rig enters, create a 1/1 white Mercenary creature token, then attach Chirring Rig to it.NEWLINEEquipped creature gets +4/+4 and can’t be blocked by more than one creature.NEWLINEEquip 4			normal	SHF		\nWarping Wilds	G	uncommon	Sorcery	183	G	4G	As an additional cost to cast this spell, you may sacrifice up to two lands. This spell costs 1 less to cast for each land sacrificed this way.NEWLINESearch your library for three land cards that don’t share a type with each other or a land sacrificed to cast Warping Wilds, put them onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	SHF		\nAim Skyward	G	uncommon	Instant – Projectile 	148	G	3G	Until your next turn, up to one target creature you control gets +1/+2 and gains reach. Untap it.			spli	SHF			G	Instant – Projectile 	G		Destroy target artifact, enchantment, or creature with flying.				\nZarax Supermajor	WU	uncommon	Creature – Galaxian Soldier 	234	WU	1WU	When Zarax Supermajor enters, create a 3/1 green Beast creature token.NEWLINEWhenever you cast your second spell each turn, put a +1/+1 counter on Zarax Supermajor, then creatures you control gain flying until end of turn.	1/1		normal	SHF		\nForce Propulsion	WU	uncommon	Instant – Projectile 	200	WU	WU	Look at the top two cards of your library. Put one into your hand and the other on the bottom of your library.			spli	SHF			WU	Instant – Projectile 	WU	WU	Tap up to one target creature, then put a stun counter on it.				\nUnderrift War Merchant	UB	uncommon	Creature – Galaxian Rogue 	230	UB	UB	Menace, deathtouchNEWLINEDeadeye – 2UB: Look at the top two cards of your library. Put one into your hand and the other into your graveyard. (The first time this deals combat damage to a player each turn, you may activate this ability. It costs 0 if this is equipped.)	1/1		normal	SHF		\nGulch Bandit	UB	uncommon	Creature – Human Rogue 	205	UB	1UB	When Gulch Bandit enters, arm target creature you control. (Create a colorless Equipment artifact token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 2 attached to it.)NEWLINEEquipped creatures you control can’t be blocked unless defending player pays 2 life for each creature blocking them.	3/1		normal	SHF		\nMesa Interloper	BR	uncommon	Creature – Galaxian Scout 	216	BR	2BR	1BR, Sacrifice another creature: Create a Junk token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”)NEWLINEWhenever you sacrifice a nonland permanent, Mesa Interloper deals 1 damage to target player or planeswalker and you gain 1 life.	4/3		normal	SHF		\nHotshot Rifle	BR	uncommon	Artifact – Junk Equipment 	206	BR	1BR	Hotshot Rifle enters with two fuel counters on it.NEWLINE2, Remove a fuel counter from Hotshot Rifle: Equipped creature gets +4/+0 until end of turn.NEWLINET, Sacrifice Hotshot Rifle: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.NEWLINEEquip 1			normal	SHF		\nMaverick Mutt	RG	uncommon	Creature – Beast 	215	RG	RG	TrampleNEWLINEFrontier – Maverick Mutt gets +2/+2 if there are four or more land types among lands you control.	2/3		normal	SHF		\nWhiptail Manticore	RG	uncommon	Creature – Manticore 	232	RG	2RG	When Whiptail Manticore enters, search your library for a basic land card and a Lair card, reveal them, put one onto the battlefield tapped and the other into your hand, then shuffle.	4/3		normal	SHF		\nConsulate Nomads	WG	uncommon	Creature – Galaxian Scout 	195	WG	3GW	VigilanceNEWLINEWhenever Consulate Nomads attacks, you may provision. If you do, put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control. (To provision, pay 3 or sacrifice a nonland permanent with mana value 1 or less.)	4/4		normal	SHF		\nThe Gang's All Here	WG	uncommon	Instant	202	WG	1GW	Create three 1/1 white Mercenary creature tokens.			normal	SHF		\nJules, the Beacon	WB	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Human Rogue 	211	WB	1WB	Agile (This creature deals combat damage first as long as it’s attacking.)NEWLINEWhenever Jules attacks, target attacking Galaxian you control gets +1/+1 and gains lifelink until end of turn.	3/2		normal	SHF		\nBarron, the Smoke	WB	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Galaxian Rogue 	189	WB	1WB	DeathtouchNEWLINEWhenever Barron attacks, target attacking Human you control gets +1/+1 and gains lifelink until end of turn.	2/3		normal	SHF		\nCosmic Restitcher	BG	uncommon	Creature – Galaxian Warlock 	196	BG	3BG	When Cosmic Restitcher enters, return target permanent card from your graveyard to your hand. If it’s a creature card with mana value 4 or less, return it to the battlefield instead.	2/2		normal	SHF		\nBloodsand Gorger	BG	uncommon	Creature – Wurm 	191	BG	2BG	As an additional cost to cast this spell, provision. (To provision, pay 3 or sacrifice a nonland permanent with mana value 1 or less.)NEWLINEMenaceNEWLINEWhen Bloodsand Gorger enters, you gain 5 life.	5/5		normal	SHF		\nFrilled Starspitter	UG	uncommon	Creature – Lizard 	201	UG	GU	TrampleNEWLINEWhenever you cast a noncreature spell with mana value 5 or greater, Frilled Starspitter gets +3/+3 until end of turn.	2/2		normal	SHF		\nGo West	UG	uncommon	Sorcery	203	UG	3GU	Look at the top five cards of your library. You may put a land card from among them onto the battlefield tapped. Put two of the remaining cards into your hand, then put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.			normal	SHF		\nShifty Dealer	UR	uncommon	Creature – Human Bard 	222	UR	1UR	MenaceNEWLINEWhenever you cast a spell from anywhere other than your hand, target creature you control gets +2/+0 until end of turn.	3/2		normal	SHF		\nTumultuous Flare	UR	uncommon	Sorcery – Projectile 	228	UR	UR	You may discard a card. When you do, draw two cards.			spli	SHF			UR	Sorcery – Projectile 	UR	UR	You may discard a card. When you do, Tumultuous Flare deals 4 damage to target creature or planeswalker.				\nHot Hands Lurk	WR	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Galaxian Rogue 	186	WR	RW	When “Hot Hands” Lurk enters, arm him. (Create a colorless Equipment artifact token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 2 attached to it.)NEWLINEAs long as “Hot Hands” Lurk is equipped four times, he has base power and toughness 8/8.	2/2		normal	SHF		\nSix-Shot Sheriff	WR	uncommon	Creature – Human Mercenary 	225	WR	1RW	At the beginning of combat on your turn, target equipped creature you control gains first strike until end of turn. If it’s equipped twice, it gains double strike until end of turn instead.	2/3		normal	SHF		\nNoxian Visage		uncommon	Artifact Creature – Construct 	243	C	4	When Noxian Visage enters, create a Junk token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”)NEWLINEWhenever you sacrifice a nonland permanent, put a +1/+1 counter on Noxian Visage.	3/2		normal	SHF		\nRust Bucket		uncommon	Artifact	245	C	1	3, T: Create a Junk token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”)			normal	SHF		\nWrought Grotesque		uncommon	Artifact	251	C	3	T: Add one mana of any color.NEWLINEFrontier – Wrought Grotesque is a 3/3 Gargoyle artifact creature with flying as long as there are four or more land types among lands you control.			normal	SHF		\nTrusty Ten-Gallon		uncommon	Artifact – Equipment 	248	C	2	Equipped creature gets +1/+2 and has ward 2. (Whenever it becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player pays 2.)NEWLINEEquip 2			normal	SHF		\nVarathian Caravan		uncommon	Artifact – Vehicle 	249	C	6	When Varathian Caravan enters, create two 3/1 green Beast creature tokens.NEWLINECrew 3 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 3 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	6/6		normal	SHF		\nThe Eldoria Express		uncommon	Artifact – Vehicle 	238	C	7	When The Eldoria Express enters, destroy target nonland permanent an opponent controls.NEWLINECrew 3 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 3 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	5/5		normal	SHF		\nStreets of Sunforge		uncommon	Land – Desert 	264	C		T: Add C.NEWLINE3, T, Sacrifice Streets of Sunforge: Create two Junk tokens. (They’re artifacts with “T, Sacrifice this: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”)			normal	SHF		\nVarathian Ootheca		uncommon	Land – Locus 	269	C		T: Add C.NEWLINET: Add CC. Activate only if you control an Academy and a Power-Plant.			normal	SHF		\nVarathian Battery		uncommon	Land – Power-Plant 	267	C		T: Add C.NEWLINE3: Until end of turn, Varathian Battery becomes an Elemental creature with power and toughness equal to the number of land types among lands you control. It’s still a Power-Plant land.			normal	SHF		\nVarathian Nucleus		uncommon	Land – Academy 	268	C		T: Add C.NEWLINET: Add one mana of any color. Activate only if you control a Locus and a Power-Plant.			normal	SHF		\nFeisty Scrapper	W	common	Creature – Galaxian Scout 	13	W	W	When Feisty Scrapper enters, create a Junk token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”)	1/2		normal	SHF		\nSkysteed	W	common	Creature – Fish 	31	W	W	FlyingNEWLINEWhen Skysteed dies, create a 1/1 white Mercenary creature token.	1/1		normal	SHF		\nFleetfinger Five-Shooter	W	common	Creature – Galaxian Mercenary 	14	W	1W	When Fleetfinger Five-Shooter enters, arm it. (Create a colorless Equipment artifact token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 2 attached to it.)	2/1		normal	SHF		\nRoadside Raconteur	W	common	Creature – Human Bard 	26	W	1W	T, Provision: Tap target creature. (To provision, pay 3 or sacrifice a nonland permanent with mana value 1 or less.)	2/2		normal	SHF		\nGalvanized Recruiter	W	common	Creature – Human Mercenary 	15	W	1W	Whenever you cast your second spell each turn, create a 1/1 white Mercenary creature token.	1/3		normal	SHF		\nSkychaser Trainer	W	common	Creature – Human Scout 	30	W	4WW	FlyingNEWLINEWhen Skychaser Trainer enters, arm target creature you control. (Create a colorless Equipment artifact token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 2 attached to it.)	3/5		normal	SHF		\nEldoria Sureshot	W	common	Creature – Galaxian Mercenary 	12	W	2W	Deadeye – 1W: Put a +1/+1 counter on Eldoria Sureshot. (The first time this deals combat damage to a player each turn, you may activate this ability. It costs 0 if this is equipped.)	3/3		normal	SHF		\nBoot Hill Outrider	W	common	Creature – Human Mercenary 	7	W	2W	VigilanceNEWLINEWhenever Boot Hill Outrider attacks, target Galaxian you control gets +1/+1 until end of turn. Untap it.	3/2		normal	SHF		\nTradewind Courier	W	common	Creature – Galaxian Scout 	33	W	3W	This spell costs 2 less to cast if you control a Human.NEWLINEFlyingNEWLINEWhen Tradewind Courier enters, create a Junk token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”)	2/1		normal	SHF		\nUnbridled Colt	W	common	Creature – Horse 	34	W	3W	2W, Provision: Creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn. Activate only during your turn. (To provision, pay 3 or sacrifice a nonland permanent with mana value 1 or less.)	3/4		normal	SHF		\nBladetusk Herd	W	common	Creature – Rhino 	4	W	2W	Agile, lifelink (This creature deals combat damage first as long as it’s attacking.)	2/3		normal	SHF		\nShoot Your Shot	W	common	Instant	28	W	2W	This spell costs 1 less to cast if you control an equipped creature that’s attacking or blocking.NEWLINEShoot Your Shot deals 5 damage to target attacking or blocking creature.			normal	SHF		\nBack Where You Came From	W	common	Enchantment	3	W	W	As an additional cost to cast this spell, provision. (To provision, pay 3 or sacrifice a nonland permanent with mana value 1 or less.)NEWLINEWhen Back Where You Came From enters, exile target creature or planeswalker an opponent controls until Back Where You Came From leaves the battlefield.			normal	SHF		\nLong Arm of the Law	W	common	Instant – Projectile 	19	W	1W	Target creature gets +1/+1 and gains first strike until end of turn.			spli	SHF			W	Instant – Projectile 	W		Target creature gets +1/+1 and gains lifelink until end of turn.				\nMake Your Move	W	common	Instant	22	W	2W	Destroy target artifact, enchantment, or creature with power 4 or greater.			normal	SHF		f!reprint\nZarax Broodling	U	common	Creature – Insect 	74	U	U	FlyingNEWLINEDeadeye – 1U: Draw a card, then discard a card. (The first time this deals combat damage to a player each turn, you may activate this ability. It costs 0 if this is equipped.)	1/1		normal	SHF		\nQuickdraw Broker	U	common	Creature – Galaxian Artificer 	62	U	1U	Noncreature spells with mana value 5 or greater and Projectile spells you cast cost 1 less to cast.	1/3		normal	SHF		\nFlintlock Lass	U	common	Creature – Human Mercenary 	53	U	1U	Deadeye – 1U: Scry 2. (The first time this deals combat damage to a player each turn, you may activate this ability. It costs 0 if this is equipped.)	2/2		normal	SHF		\nItinerant Oktujo	U	common	Creature – Beast 	54	U	2U	VigilanceNEWLINEWhenever you cast a spell from anywhere other than your hand, Itinerant Oktujo gets +1/+0 until end of turn and can’t be blocked this turn.	2/3		normal	SHF		\nFleetfoot Screecher	U	common	Creature – Lizard 	52	U	2U	Whenever you cast your second spell each turn, tap target creature an opponent controls and put a stun counter on it.	3/2		normal	SHF		\nCorpus Cobbler	U	common	Creature – Human Artificer 	45	U	2U	When Corpus Cobbler enters, create a Junk token for each spell you’ve cast this turn. (They’re artifacts with “T, Sacrifice this: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”)	1/4		normal	SHF		\nBreaching Slugsnout	U	common	Creature – Whale 	43	U	3U	FlyingNEWLINEWhenever you cast a noncreature spell, draw a card, then discard a card unless that spell has mana value 5 or greater.	3/3		normal	SHF		\nSandskiff Raider	U	common	Creature – Galaxian Pilot 	64	U	4U	FlyingNEWLINEWhen Sandskiff Raider enters, arm target creature you control. (Create a colorless Equipment artifact token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 2 attached to it.)	2/4		normal	SHF		\nScrapfield Migrant	U	common	Creature – Beast 	65	U	5U	When Scrapfield Migrant enters, up to one other target creature’s owner puts it into their library second from the top. That player creates a Junk token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”)	5/5		normal	SHF		\nOn a Cool Summer's Night	U	common	Instant	60	U	U	Target creature you control gains hexproof until end of turn. Untap it and arm it. (Create a colorless Equipment artifact token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 2 attached to it.)			normal	SHF		\nLost on the Horizon	U	common	Instant	57	U	1U	Counter target spell unless its controller pays 2.NEWLINEFrontier – If there are four or more land types among lands you control, counter that spell unless its controller pays 4 instead.			normal	SHF		\nAstral Projection	U	common	Sorcery – Projectile 	41	U	1U	Scry 1, then draw a card.			spli	SHF			U	Sorcery – Projectile 	U		Up to one target creature can’t be blocked this turn.				\nWreckage of the Starbreaker	U	common	Sorcery	73	U	1U	Create two Junk tokens. (They’re artifacts with “T, Sacrifice this: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”)			normal	SHF		\nCroak	U	common	Enchantment – Aura 	48	U	U	Enchant creature or planeswalkerNEWLINEEnchanted permanent loses all abilities and is a blue Frog creature with base power and toughness 0/2.			normal	SHF		\nCrystallize	U	common	Instant	49	U	4U	Tap up to two target creatures and put a stun counter on each of them. Create two Junk tokens. (They’re artifacts with “T, Sacrifice this: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”)			normal	SHF		\nDead Man Walkin'	B	common	Creature – Galaxian Mercenary 	82	B	B	MenaceNEWLINE3B: Return Dead Man Walkin’ from your graveyard to the battlefield tapped. Attach target Equipment you control to it. (If you control no Equipments, you can’t activate this ability.)	1/1		normal	SHF		\nSilent Sands Survivor	B	common	Creature – Human Rogue 	106	B	1B	Provision: Silent Sands Survivor gets +2/+2 until end of turn. Activate only once each turn. (To provision, pay 3 or sacrifice a nonland permanent with mana value 1 or less.)	2/2		normal	SHF		\nAr'Ghel Desperado	B	common	Creature – Galaxian Rogue 	75	B	1B	DeathtouchNEWLINEWhenever Ar’Ghel Desperado attacks, target Human you control gets +1/+1 and gains deathtouch until end of turn.	1/2		normal	SHF		\nFen Conservators	B	common	Creature – Human Mercenary 	87	B	2B	LifelinkNEWLINEDeadeye – 2B: Defending player loses 3 life unless they sacrifice a nonland permanent or discard a card. (The first time this deals combat damage to a player each turn, you may activate this ability. It costs 0 if this is equipped.)	3/2		normal	SHF		\nJunkyard Vulture	B	common	Creature – Bird 	94	B	2B	FlyingNEWLINEWhen Junkyard Vulture enters, mill three cards, then create a Junk token. You lose 1 life. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”)	2/1		normal	SHF		\nSeeker of Sinner's Court	B	common	Creature – Galaxian Mercenary 	104	B	3B	MenaceNEWLINEDeadeye – 1B: Defending player loses 2 life and you gain 2 life. (The first time this deals combat damage to a player each turn, you may activate this ability. It costs 0 if this is equipped.)	2/4		normal	SHF		\nExperiment X	B	common	Creature – Cat 	85	B	3B	As an additional cost to cast this spell, provision. (To provision, pay 3 or sacrifice a nonland permanent with mana value 1 or less.)NEWLINEDeathtouch	6/5		normal	SHF		\nGulch Ranger	B	common	Creature – Human Scout 	91	B	4B	FlyingNEWLINEWhen Gulch Ranger enters, if you control a Galaxian, target opponent loses 3 life and you gain 3 life.	3/3		normal	SHF		\nBet Against Death	B	common	Sorcery	78	B	2B	Return target creature card with mana value 4 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield. Arm it. (Create a colorless Equipment artifact token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 2 attached to it.)			normal	SHF		\nFace the Night	B	common	Instant	86	B	B	Choose one or both –NEWLINE• Arm target creature you control. (Create a colorless Equipment artifact token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 2 attached to it.)NEWLINE• Target creature you don’t control gets -1/-1 until end of turn.			normal	SHF		\nRide on the Wild Side	B	common	Instant	102	B	1B	Arm target creature you control. It gains lifelink and indestructible until end of turn. (Create a colorless Equipment artifact token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 2 attached to it.)			normal	SHF		\nRun Train	B	common	Sorcery	103	B	B	Surveil 2, then create a Junk token. You lose 1 life. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”)			normal	SHF		\nRetribution for a Gamblin' Man	B	common	Sorcery – Projectile 	101	B	2B	Target opponent reveals their hand, then discards a card with mana value 3 or less.			spli	SHF			B	Sorcery – Projectile 	B		Target opponent reveals their hand, then discards a card with mana value 4 or greater.				\nBecome Carrion	B	common	Instant	77	B	1B	Target creature gets -2/-2 until end of turn.NEWLINEFrontier – If there are four or more land types among lands you control, that creature gets -4/-4 until end of turn instead.			normal	SHF		\nCome to Collect	B	common	Instant	80	B	4B	Exile target creature. If it wasn’t equipped, surveil 2. (Look at the top two cards of your library, then put any number of them into your graveyard and the rest on top of your library in any order.)			normal	SHF		\nSalvage Trafficker	R	common	Creature – Galaxian Scout 	136	R	R	When Salvage Trafficker dies, create a Junk token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”)	1/2		normal	SHF		\nFuselage Scavenger	R	common	Creature – Human Artificer 	124	R	1R	Whenever you create a noncreature token, Fuselage Scavenger deals 1 damage to each opponent.	2/2		normal	SHF		\nCrimson Sea Sabertooth	R	common	Creature – Cat 	116	R	2R	MenaceNEWLINEFrontier – Crimson Sea Sabertooth gets +2/+0 as long as there are four or more land types among lands you control.	2/3		normal	SHF		\nBadland Hustler	R	common	Creature – Human Mercenary 	111	R	3R	Equipped creatures you control have haste.	3/4		normal	SHF		\nDeadheat Duo	R	common	Creature – Human Galaxian Mercenary 	117	R	2R	Provision: Deadheat Duo gains double strike until end of turn. Activate only during your turn. (To provision, pay 3 or sacrifice a nonland permanent with mana value 1 or less.)	1/4		normal	SHF		\nSunforge Outlaw	R	common	Creature – Galaxian Mercenary 	141	R	2R	At the beginning of your end step, if you sacrificed a permanent this turn, put a +1/+1 counter on Sunforge Outlaw.	3/2		normal	SHF		\nWhiskey Bend Marshal	R	common	Creature – Human Mercenary 	146	R	1R	ReachNEWLINEWhen Whiskey Bend Marshal enters, arm it. (Create a colorless Equipment artifact token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 2 attached to it.)	0/3		normal	SHF		\nTerror of Thrasher's Pass	R	common	Creature – Lizard 	143	R	3R	TrampleNEWLINEWhenever you cast a spell from anywhere other than your hand, Terror of Thrasher’s Pass gets +2/+2 until end of turn.	4/3		normal	SHF		\nPack Monitor	R	common	Creature – Lizard 	133	R	4R	When Pack Monitor enters, arm up to two target creatures you control. Pack Monitor deals 2 damage to target opponent. (Create a colorless Equipment artifact token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 2 attached to it.)	3/5		normal	SHF		\nTendril Trap	R	common	Instant	142	R	R	Tendril Trap deals 2 damage to any target.NEWLINEFrontier – If there are four or more land types among lands you control, Tendril Trap deals 3 damage to that permanent or player instead.			normal	SHF		\nFrontier Justice	R	common	Instant	123	R	R	Arm target creature you control. It gains first strike and trample until end of turn. (Create a colorless Equipment artifact token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 2 attached to it.)			normal	SHF		\nRisky Wager	R	common	Instant	135	R	1R	Discard a card, then draw a card. Create a Junk token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”)			normal	SHF		\nDynamite in the Cargo Hold	R	common	Sorcery – Projectile 	119	R	1R	Destroy up to one target artifact.			spli	SHF			R	Sorcery – Projectile 	R		Create a Junk token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”)				\nFive-Alarm Firearm	R	common	Sorcery	122	R	2R	Five-Alarm Firearm deals 4 damage to target creature. When a creature dealt damage this way would die this turn, its controller sacrifices an Equipment attached to it.			normal	SHF		\nLock, Stock, and Smoke	R	common	Instant	131	R	4R	Lock, Stock, and Smoke deals 6 damage to target creature or planeswalker. If it would die this turn, exile it instead.			normal	SHF		\nCactaurus	G	common	Creature – Plant Beast 	154	G	G	ReachNEWLINEWhen Cactaurus enters, arm target creature you control. (Create a colorless Equipment artifact token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 2 attached to it.)	0/2		normal	SHF		\nTravellers on Yonder	G	common	Creature – Human Scout 	179	G	1G	When Travellers on Yonder enters, you may provision. (To provision, pay 3 or sacrifice a nonland permanent with mana value 1 or less.)NEWLINEWhenever you provision, put a +1/+1 counter on Travellers on Yonder.	2/2		normal	SHF		\nStardust Courier	G	common	Creature – Galaxian Scout 	175	G	1G	T: Add one mana of any color.NEWLINET: Add CC. Spend this mana only to cast a noncreature spell with mana value 5 or greater.	1/1		normal	SHF		\nSkyfall Acolyte	G	common	Creature – Human Shaman 	173	G	2G	VigilanceNEWLINEWhenever you cast a noncreature spell, put a +1/+1 counter on Skyfall Acolyte. If that spell has mana value 5 or greater, you gain 3 life.	2/2		normal	SHF		\nMigratory Grazer	G	common	Creature – Anteater 	160	G	2G	When Migratory Grazer enters, you may discard a card. If you do, search your library for a land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.	3/3		normal	SHF		\nReedcreeper Posse	G	common	Creature – Galaxian Mercenary 	167	G	1G	When Reedcreeper Posse enters, create a 1/1 green Plant creature token with deathtouch.	1/1		normal	SHF		\nStoic Steadhand	G	common	Creature – Human Scout 	176	G	2G	When Stoic Steadhand enters, you may provision. If you do, draw a card. (To provision, pay 3 or sacrifice a nonland permanent with mana value 1 or less.)	2/3		normal	SHF		\nRhangol Wrangler	G	common	Creature – Galaxian Scout 	168	G	3G	TrampleNEWLINEDeadeye – 2G: Create a 3/1 green Beast creature token. (The first time this deals combat damage to a player each turn, you may activate this ability. It costs 0 if this is equipped.)	4/4		normal	SHF		\nOktujo Migration	G	common	Sorcery	164	G	4GG	Create three 3/1 green Beast creature tokens.			normal	SHF		\nRazorgorge Wurm	G	common	Creature – Wurm 	166	G	4GG	Frontier – This spell costs 2 less to cast if there are four or more land types among lands you control.NEWLINEReach	6/6		normal	SHF		\nThe Art of the Draw	G	common	Sorcery	149	G	G	Arm target creature you control. It fights target creature you don’t control. (Create a colorless Equipment artifact token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 2 attached to it.)			normal	SHF		\nGang Mentality	G	common	Instant	158	G	4G	This spell costs 2 less to cast during your main phase.NEWLINEUp to two target creatures you control each deal damage equal to their power to target creature an opponent controls.			normal	SHF		\nTerritorial Domination	G	common	Instant	178	G	1G	Target creature you control gets +3/+3 until end of turn.NEWLINEFrontier – If there are four or more land types among lands you control, that creature gains trample, hexproof, and indestructible until end of turn.			normal	SHF		\nNew Growth in Old Haunts	G	common	Enchantment	162	G	2G	When New Growth in Old Haunts enters, search your library for a Forest or Gate card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.NEWLINEFrontier – 1G, Sacrifice New Growth in Old Haunts: Surveil 2. Activate only if there are four or more land types among lands you control.			normal	SHF		\nBristly Landing	G	common	Instant – Projectile 	152	G	1G	Mill three cards. You gain 3 life.			spli	SHF			G	Instant – Projectile 	G		Return up to one target creature or land card from your graveyard to your hand.				\nChromatic Star		common	Artifact	236	C	1	1, T, Sacrifice Chromatic Star: Add one mana of any color.NEWLINEWhen Chromatic Star is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, draw a card.			normal	SHF		f!reprint\nSteadfast Reaper		common	Artifact Creature – Scarecrow 	247	C	3	ReachNEWLINEWhen Steadfast Reaper enters, arm target creature you control. (Create a colorless Equipment artifact token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 2 attached to it.)	2/2		normal	SHF		\nWinestago Freighter		common	Artifact – Vehicle 	250	C	5	Whenever Winestago Freighter enters or attacks, create a Junk token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”)NEWLINECrew 4 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 4 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	7/7		normal	SHF		\nMcCall .45 Special		common	Artifact – Equipment 	242	C	1	Equipped creature gets +2/+1.NEWLINEEquip 2			normal	SHF		\nStar Chart		common	Artifact	246	C	1	When Star Chart enters, you may search your library for a land card with a nonbasic land type, reveal it, then shuffle and put it on top.NEWLINEFrontier – 6, T, Sacrifice Star Chart: Exile target nonland permanent. Activate only as a sorcery. This ability costs 2 less to activate if there are four or more land types among lands you control.			normal	SHF		\nConduit Pylons		common	Land – Desert 	254	C		When Conduit Pylons enters, surveil 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put it into your graveyard.)NEWLINET: Add C.NEWLINE1, T: Add one mana of any color.			normal	SHF		f!reprint\nSalt Pool Citadel		common	Land – Tower 	261	WU		T: Add W or U.NEWLINESalt Pool Citadel enters tapped unless you control two or more other lands.			normal	SHF		etbt duals: cave, gate, lair, mine, towerNEWLINEspecialty types: desert, locus?, sphere?, power-plant, academyNEWLINE!landslot\nOil-Worn Depths		common	Land – Cave 	258	UB		T: Add U or B.NEWLINEOil-Worn Depths enters tapped unless you control two or more other lands.			normal	SHF		etbt duals: cave, gate, lair, mine, towerNEWLINEspecialty types: desert, locus?, sphere?, power-plant, academyNEWLINE!landslot\nBasalt Quarry		common	Land – Mine 	252	BR		T: Add B or R.NEWLINEBasalt Quarry enters tapped unless you control two or more other lands.			normal	SHF		etbt duals: cave, gate, lair, mine, towerNEWLINEspecialty types: desert, locus?, sphere?, power-plant, academyNEWLINE!landslot\nWeirding Territory		common	Land – Lair 	272	RG		T: Add R or G.NEWLINEWeirding Territory enters tapped unless you control two or more other lands.			normal	SHF		etbt duals: cave, gate, lair, mine, towerNEWLINEspecialty types: desert, locus?, sphere?, power-plant, academyNEWLINE!landslot\nHenge of Safe Passage		common	Land – Gate 	257	WG		T: Add G or W.NEWLINEHenge of Safe Passage enters tapped unless you control two or more other lands.			normal	SHF		etbt duals: cave, gate, lair, mine, towerNEWLINEspecialty types: desert, locus?, sphere?, power-plant, academyNEWLINE!landslot\nTransplanted Hive		common	Land – Lair 	265	WB		T: Add W or B.NEWLINETransplanted Hive enters tapped unless you control two or more other lands.			normal	SHF		etbt duals: cave, gate, lair, mine, towerNEWLINEspecialty types: desert, locus?, sphere?, power-plant, academyNEWLINE!landslot\nPungent Smokestacks		common	Land – Tower 	260	BG		T: Add B or G.NEWLINEPungent Smokestacks enters tapped unless you control two or more other lands.			normal	SHF		etbt duals: cave, gate, lair, mine, towerNEWLINEspecialty types: desert, locus?, sphere?, power-plant, academyNEWLINE!landslot\nPhosphorescent Bileway		common	Land – Mine 	259	UG		T: Add G or U.NEWLINEPhosphorescent Bileway enters tapped unless you control two or more other lands.			normal	SHF		etbt duals: cave, gate, lair, mine, towerNEWLINEspecialty types: desert, locus?, sphere?, power-plant, academyNEWLINE!landslot\nStormsurge Waypoint		common	Land – Gate 	263	UR		T: Add U or R.NEWLINEStormsurge Waypoint enters tapped unless you control two or more other lands.			normal	SHF		etbt duals: cave, gate, lair, mine, towerNEWLINEspecialty types: desert, locus?, sphere?, power-plant, academyNEWLINE!landslot\nChiseled Hideaway		common	Land – Cave 	253	WR		T: Add R or W.NEWLINEChiseled Hideaway enters tapped unless you control two or more other lands.			normal	SHF		etbt duals: cave, gate, lair, mine, towerNEWLINEspecialty types: desert, locus?, sphere?, power-plant, academyNEWLINE!landslot\nWayfarer's Shrine		common	Land	271	C		T, Pay 1 life, Sacrifice Wayfarer’s Shrine: Search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	SHF		!landslotNEWLINEf!reprint\nPlains		common	Basic Land – Plains 	273	C					normal	SHF		\nIsland		common	Basic Land – Island 	274	C		 			normal	SHF		\nSwamp		common	Basic Land – Swamp 	275	C		 			normal	SHF		\nMountain		common	Basic Land – Mountain 	276	C		 			normal	SHF		\nForest		common	Basic Land – Forest 	277	C					normal	SHF		\nJunk		common	Token Artifact – Junk 	12	C		T, Sacrifice this artifact: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.			token	SHF		\nEquipment		common	Token Artifact – Equipment 	11	C		Equipped creature gets +1/+0.NEWLINEEquip 2			token	SHF		\nBullet		common	Token Artifact – Bullet 	10	C		T, Sacrifice this artifact: This artifact deals 1 damage to any target.			token	SHF		\nTreasure		common	Token Artifact – Treasure 	13	C		T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.			token	SHF		\nScooter	W	common	Legendary Token Creature – Dog 	3	W		Scooter has indestructible during your turn as long as you control a Human.	2/1		token	SHF		\nVehicle		common	Token Artifact – Vehicle 	14	C		FlyingNEWLINECrew 2 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 2 or more: This becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)  	3/3		token	SHF		\nElemental	U	common	Token Creature – Elemental 	4	U		This creature gets +1/+1 for each card in your hand.	0/0		token	SHF		\nElemental	R	common	Token Creature – Elemental 	6	R		Haste	*/1		token	SHF		\nPlant	G	common	Token Creature – Plant 	9	G		Deathtouch	1/1		token	SHF		\nBeast	G	common	Token Creature – Beast 	8	G			3/1		token	SHF		\nMercenary	W	common	Token Creature – Mercenary 	1	W			1/1		token	SHF		\nMercenary	W	common	Token Creature – Mercenary 	2	W			1/1		token	SHF		\nBones	B	common	Legendary Token Creature – Dog 	5	B		Deathtouch	3/5		token	SHF		\nFlesh	R	common	Legendary Token Creature – Cat 	7	R		Menace	5/3		token	SHF		