Lijing, the Great Partisan	W	mythic	Legendary Creature — Elder Fox Spirit 	24	W	2WW	Vigilance
Lijing has indestructible as long as a Fox entered the battlefield under your control this turn.
Whenever an opponent draws a card, draw a card unless that player has you create a 2/1 red and white Fox creature token.	3/4		normal	NJBREPLACEMEHeping, Grand Pacifist	W	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Heping 	20	W	3WW			[+1]: Each player may draw a card. For each opponent who does, you gain 4 life.
[-3]: Exile target nonland permanent. That card’s owner may pay 2 as a sorcery to put it into their hand as long as it remains exiled.
[-8]: Target opponent gets an emblem with “Creatures you control lose all abilities and have base power and toughness 1/1.”	planeswalker	NJBREPLACEMEIng'Wei, Azure Empress	U	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Ing’Wei 	57	U	1UU			Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)
[+1]: Scry 1. If you’re in a renaissance, draw a card.
[-2]: Return target nonland permanent to its owner’s hand if its mana value is 3 or less or if you’re in a renaissance.
[-6]: Create two 8/8 blue Kraken creature tokens. If you’re in a renaissance, take an extra turn after this one.	planeswalker	NJBREPLACEMEPanya, Who Dares to Dream	U	mythic	Legendary Creature — Mouse Warrior 	66	U	1U	Whenever Panya attacks, you may put an escapade counter on her, then you may cast an instant or sorcery card from your hand with mana value equal to the number of escapade counters on Panya without paying its mana cost.
1U: Panya gains flying until end of turn.	2/1		normal	NJBREPLACEMELizhao, Last Breath of the Yenzu	B	mythic	Legendary Creature — Elder Demon 	100	B	3BB	Flying, lifelink
Other Demons you control have flying and lifelink.
If you would create a creature token, you may pay 5 life to create a 5/5 black Demon creature token instead.	5/5		normal	NJBREPLACEMEForbidden Shiangshi Arts	B	mythic	Enchantment	92	B	1B	When Forbidden Shiangshi Arts enters the battlefield, each player mills three cards.
2B: Exile target creature card from a graveyard. Create a tapped token that’s a copy of that card, except it has “When this creature deals damage, sacrifice it.”			normal	NJBREPLACEMEHao'Tai, the Reverent	R	mythic	Legendary Creature — Elder Dragon 	143	R	3RR	Flying
Whenever Hao’Tai deals combat damage to a player, that player exiles the top five cards of their library and separates them into two piles. Put an ember counter on each card in the pile of your choice. You may play cards from exile with ember counters for as long as they remain exiled.	5/5		normal	NJBREPLACEMEEntropic Inferno	R	mythic	Instant	134	R	3RR	Entropic Inferno deals 5 damage divided as you choose among any number of targets. At the beginning of the next end step, for each permanent dealt damage this way, its owner puts it on the bottom of their library, then reveals cards from the top until they reveal a nonland permanent card. They put that card onto the battlefield, then shuffle the rest.			normal	NJBREPLACEMEQiyan, Great Progenitor	G	mythic	Legendary Creature — Elder Hydra 	191	G	XGGG	Trample
Qiyan enters the battlefield with twice X +1/+1 counters on them.
If damage would be dealt to Qiyan while they have a +1/+1 counter on them, prevent that damage, remove that many +1/+1 counters from Qiyan, and create a 0/0 green Hydra creature token with twice that many +1/+1 counters on it. 	0/0		normal	NJBREPLACEMEFoster the Future	G	mythic	Enchantment	178	G	2G	When Foster the Future enters the battlefield, create a 3/3 red Panda creature token.
Panda creatures and Mao planeswalkers you control have “+2: Target creature you control gains vigilance until end of turn” and “-4: Creatures you control get +1/+1 and gain trample until end of turn.”			normal	NJBREPLACEMEHang Up Your Lanterns	WG	mythic	Enchantment	221	WG	2GW	Golden age
2GW: Create an Idol token. Prevent all damage that would be dealt to and dealt by target creature this turn.
At the beginning of your end step, if you’re in a renaissance and you control ten or more Idols, you win the game.			normal	NJBREPLACEMEWang Xi, Wishes on the Wind	WU	mythic	Legendary Creature — Drake 	246	WU	2WU	Flying, ward 3
Inspired — Whenever Wang Xi becomes untapped, choose a nonbasic card name, then reveal the top five cards of your library. Put all cards with the chosen name from among them into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.	4/3		normal	NJBREPLACEMESwiftblade Ren	BR	mythic	Legendary Creature — Human Warrior 	244	BR	1BR	First strike
Whenever Ren deals combat damage to a player, you may pay 3 life to activate one of her abilities without paying its costs.
1R, Discard a card: Draw a card.
2B, Sacrifice a creature: Each opponent sacrifices a creature.	3/2		normal	NJBREPLACEMEGui, the Brinebearer	UG	mythic	Legendary Creature — Turtle Beast 	220	UG	1GU	Golden age
Gui can’t attack or block unless you’re in a renaissance.
T: Reveal the top card of your library. If it’s a land card, put it onto the battlefield. Otherwise, put it back on top or into your graveyard and you gain 3 life.	5/6		normal	NJBREPLACEMEZou Meili, Cruel Justice	WB	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Zou 	255	WB	2WB			[+1]: Each opponent discards a card. If a land card is discarded this way, create a 1/1 colorless Spirit creature token with flying.
[-2]: Until end of turn, creatures you control get +1/+1 and creatures your opponents control get -1/-1.
[-6]: Each opponent chooses up to one permanent they control of each permanent type, then sacrifices the rest.	planeswalker	NJBREPLACEMEWei Ji, Life's Rhythm	BG	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Ji 	247	BG	2BG			[0]: Create a 2/2 green Panda Bear Monk creature token with “When this creature dies, put a loyalty counter on a Ji planeswalker you control.”
[-2]: Each player sacrifices a nonland permanent. You may return a nonland permanent card from your graveyard to your hand.
[-6]: You get an emblem with “Whenever a permanent you control dies, you may search you library for a card that shares a type with that permanent and put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.”	planeswalker	NJBREPLACEMEKiyoko of the Silver Mist	UB	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Kiyoko 	225	UB	1UB			[+1]: Create a 1/1 white Warrior creature token. Put a menace counter on it.
[-2]: Draw a card for each tapped creature you control.
[-5]: You get an emblem with “Creature cards in your hand have ‘1UB, Return an unblocked attacker you control to its owner’s hand: Put this card onto the battlefield tapped and attacking.’”	planeswalker	NJBREPLACEMESeto San, Divine Heroine	WR	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Seto 	240	WR	4RW			[+1]: Create three 1/1 white Warrior creature tokens. They gain haste.
[0]: Until end of turn, each creature and planeswalker you control becomes a 3/3 Warrior creature and gains indestructible.
[-2]: Choose tapped or untapped. Seto San deals 3 damage to each creature with the chosen attribute.	planeswalker	NJBREPLACEMEAutumn Symphony	RG	mythic	Sorcery	208	RG	1RG	Distribute four +1/+1 counters among up to two target lands you control. Those lands become 0/0 Elemental creatures with haste until end of turn. If you’re attacking, tap those lands and they’re now attacking.
Showcase 3RG			normal	NJBREPLACEMEMa'Long, the Skystorm	UR	mythic	Legendary Creature — Dragon 	228	UR	4UR	Flying, haste
Whenever Ma’Long deals combat damage to a player, draw a card, then add that much mana in any combination of U and R. Until end of turn, you don’t lose this mana as steps and phases end.
Instant and sorcery cards in your hand have showcase. The showcase cost is equal to the card’s mana cost plus 2.	4/4		modal double faced	NJB	Boxue, Imperial Ally	UR	Legendary Planeswalker — Boxue 	UR	1UR			[+1]: Boxue deals 1 damage to each opponent. You may draw a card, then discard a card.
[-1]: Create a Treasure token.
[-5]: Copy the next spell you cast this turn. You may choose new targets for the copy. (A copied permanent spell becomes a token.)	REPLACEMEKiri, Corporeal Conduit	W	rare	Legendary Creature — Fox Spirit 	22	W	1W	Lifelink
Whenever one or more other creatures with power 2 or less enters the battlefield under your control, you gain 1 life. If your life total is greater than your starting life total, draw a card instead. This ability triggers only once each turn.	1/4		normal	NJBREPLACEMEGao'Wu, Humble Sibyl	W	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Bard 	16	W	1W	First strike
Noncreature spells with mana value 3 or greater cost 1 more to cast.
Creatures with mana value 3 or greater enter the battlefield tapped.	2/1		normal	NJBREPLACEMEYujei, Zephyr Melodist	W	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Bard 	41	W	2W	Flying
When Yujei enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 white Bird creature token with flying.
2W: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. It gains flying until end of turn. If it already has flying, put a +1/+1 counter on Yujei instead.	1/1		normal	NJBREPLACEMECai Lan, the Puppeteer	W	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Bard 	6	W	1WW	Vigilance
When Cai Lan enters the battlefield, exile target nonland permanent an opponent controls with mana value 2 or less. Its controller creates an Idol token.	2/3		normal	NJBREPLACEMELi's Moonblades	W	rare	Legendary Artifact — Equipment 	25	W	2W	Equipped creature has double strike.
Whenever equipped creature attacks, create an Idol token.
Abilities of Idols you control that target equipped creature cost 1 less to activate.
Equip 2W			normal	NJBREPLACEMEDiao of the Opal Infantry	W	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Warrior 	10	W	3WW	When Diao enters the battlefield, create two 1/1 white Warrior creature tokens.
Whenever Diao attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on each attacking creature you control with the least power among those creatures.	3/4		normal	NJBREPLACEMEThe Great War Ends	W	rare	Sorcery	18	W	3WW	Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)
If you’re in a renaissance, you may have target creature or planeswalker gain indestructible until end of turn.
Destroy all creatures and planeswalkers.			normal	NJBREPLACEMEChronicles of the Kitsune	W	rare	Enchantment — Gallery 	9	W	W			(Choose only one work as a sorcery to add its ability.)
When Chronicles of the Kitsune enters the battlefield, create a 2/1 red and white Fox creature token.
2W: Act I: Ascent
Creature tokens you control get +1/+1 and have flying.
3WW: Act II: Descent
At the beginning of your end step, if you control no creatures, create Hu Li, a legendary 4/4 white Fox Spirit creature token with flying and lifelink.	class	NJBREPLACEMEPainting Dolls	WU	rare	Instant	234	WU	1WU	Put a porcelain counter on each of up to one target creature and up to one target artifact. They become 3/3 colorless artifact creatures and lose all abilities.			normal	NJBREPLACEMEYenzu Blood Pact	WB	rare	Enchantment	252	WB	2WB	Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)
1, Sacrifice a creature: Draw a card. Each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.
Whenever you sacrifice a creature, if you’re in a renaissance, each opponent sacrifices a creature. This ability triggers only once each turn.			normal	NJBREPLACEMEYa'Ling, the Rune-Drake	WUG	rare	Legendary Creature — Drake 	251	WUG	1GWU	Flying
Whenever another creature enters the battlefield under your control, create an Idol token.
Whenever you put a +1/+1 counter on Ya’Ling, put a +1/+1 on each other creature you control. This ability triggers only once each turn.	2/2		normal	NJBREPLACEMEWun Su, War's Muse	WBR	rare	Legendary Creature — Monkey Warrior 	249	WBR	1RWB	Vigilance, trample
Pay 3 life: You choose how target creature attacks or blocks this turn. Activate only once each turn.	4/4		normal	NJBREPLACEMEOshin, Reef Warden	U	rare	Legendary Creature — Drake 	65	U	1U	Flash
Flying
When Oshin enters the battlefield, counter target spell if its mana value is less than or equal to the number of spells you’ve cast this turn.	2/1		normal	NJBREPLACEMEElder Soothsayer Chian	U	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Wizard 	51	U	2U	Whenever Chian becomes the target of a spell or ability you control, create a 2/2 blue Drake creature token with flying. This ability triggers only once each turn.	3/2		normal	NJBREPLACEMEUshi Yun, the Curator	U	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Wizard 	80	U	1UU	Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)
When Ushi Yun enters the battlefield, create an Idol token.
As long as you’re in a renaissance, artifacts you control have “T: Draw a card.”	1/3		normal	NJBREPLACEMESun Yun, Master of Man	U	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Wizard 	78	U	2UU	You may have Sun Yun enter the battlefield as as copy of any creature on the battlefield, except her name is Sun Yun, Master of Man, she’s legendary in addition to her other types, and she has “2U: Exile Sun Yun, then return her to the battlefield under her owner’s control.”	1/3		normal	NJBREPLACEMEKan'Gi, High Tactician	U	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Warrior 	61	U	2UU	T: Gain control of target creature or planeswalker with mana value less than or equal to Kan’Gi’s power for as long as you control her.
Inspired — Whenever Kan’Gi becomes untapped, put a +1/+1 counter on her.	1/5		normal	NJBREPLACEMEShuilong Technique	U	rare	Sorcery	76	U	U	Draw a card. If this is the third spell you’ve cast this turn, create a 2/2 blue Drake creature token with flying. If this is the sixth spell you’ve cast this turn, exile it, then return up to three target instant and/or sorcery cards from your graveyard to your hand and untap up to six lands.			normal	NJBREPLACEMEPapier-Mâché Marvel	U	rare	Instant	67	U	2U	Exile target creature. If you controlled that creature, create a 4/4 red Dragon creature token with flying. Otherwise, its controller creates a 1/1 white Bird creature token with flying.
Showcase 4U (Then if you cast this for its showcase cost, create a 1/1 red Bard creature token that can’t block and exile this. When that token attacks, you may cast a free copy of this.)			normal	NJBREPLACEMEJuyu Offering Pool	U	rare	Enchantment — Gallery 	59	U	1U			(Choose only one work as a sorcery to add its ability.)
When Juyu Offering Pool enters the battlefield, reveal the top five cards of your library. You may put a noncreature card from among them into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.
1U: Scales of Shara
Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control.
6UU: Eye of Shojiro
Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, create an 8/8 blue Kraken creature token.	class	NJBREPLACEMELin, the Opportunist	UB	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Rogue 	227	UB	2UB	Flash
Whenever a creature you control deals combat damage to a player, create a Treasure token, then exile the top card of that player’s library. You may play cards exiled this way for as long as they remain exiled.	3/2		normal	NJBREPLACEMEDance of Dragons	UR	rare	Sorcery	214	UR	2UR	Dance of Dragons deals 4 damage divided as you choose among up to two targets. The first time one or more permanents dealt damage this way die this turn, draw a card.
Showcase 5UR (Then if you cast this for its showcase cost, create a 1/1 red Bard creature token that can’t block and exile this. When that token attacks, you may cast a free copy of this.)			normal	NJBREPLACEMEFang Luo, the Astral Tide	WUB	rare	Legendary Creature — Dragon Spirit 	217	WUB	1WUB	Flash
Flying
When Fang Luo enters the battlefield, exile target spell or creature an opponent controls with mana value 4 or less, then its owner puts it onto the battlefield face down. (It’s a 2/2 creature.)	2/3		normal	NJBREPLACEMEOshu of the Bosk	URG	rare	Legendary Creature — Beast 	233	URG	2GUR	Trample
Whenever Oshu deals combat damage to a player, gain control of target land that player controls. It becomes a 4/4 Elemental creature that’s still a land.
As long as you control eight or more lands, Oshu and land creatures you control get +2/+2.	5/5		normal	NJBREPLACEMETzelin, Cabal Liturgist	B	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Wizard 	118	B	B	Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)
Whenever a Demon enters the battlefield under your control, put a +1/+1 counter on Tzelin.
2B, Sacrifice Tzelin: Each opponent loses life equal to Tzelin’s power. If you’re in a renaissance, draw that many cards.	1/2		normal	NJBREPLACEMEHa'Eng, Profane Scribe	B	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Wizard 	96	B	1B	Discard a card: Ha’Eng gains deathtouch until end of turn.
Inspired — Whenever Ha’Eng becomes untapped, look at the top card of your library and exile it face down. Then you may pay 3 life to put all cards exiled with Ha’Eng into your hand.	2/3		normal	NJBREPLACEMEKai'Jun, the Eradicator	B	rare	Legendary Creature — Demon 	97	B	2BB	Flying, trample
At the beginning of combat on your turn, an opponent may sacrifice a creature. If they do, you may sacrifice a creature to repeat this process. If you don’t, tap Kai’Jun.	6/6		normal	NJBREPLACEMEKai'Long, the Call of the Dark	B	rare	Legendary Creature — Demon 	98	B	3BB	Flying
You may cast black spells with mana value 3 or less by paying life equal to their mana values rather than paying their mana costs.
B, Sacrifice another creature: You gain 3 life.	4/4		normal	NJBREPLACEMEKai'Zhou, the Purifier	B	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Demon 	99	B	1BB	Menace
When Kai’Zhou enters the battlefield, you may have all legendary permanents phase out until your next turn.
Whenever Kai’Zhou deals combat damage to a player, they sacrifice a legendary permanent.	3/4		normal	NJBREPLACEMEBirth of the Yaozu	B	rare	Sorcery	86	B	3BB	Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)
Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield. If it was put there from the battlefield this turn, create a token that’s a copy of it. If you’re in a renaissance, create a token that’s a copy of it.			normal	NJBREPLACEMEThe Blood Sun Sets	B	rare	Instant	87	B	B	Until end of turn, target creature you control gains “T: Destroy target creature.”			normal	NJBREPLACEMEXie'e Amphitheatre	B	rare	Enchantment — Gallery 	121	B	1BB			(Choose only one work as a sorcery to add its ability.)
When Xie’e Amphitheatre enters the battlefield, search your library for a card and exile it face down, then shuffle. You may cast that card on any turn you sacrificed a permanent.
B: Intro: Together
At the beginning of your upkeep, you lose 1 life and create a 0/1 black Cultist creature token with “1BB, Sacrifice three Cultists: Create a 5/5 black Demon creature token.”
2B: Finale: Alone
Whenever a Demon enters the battlefield under your control, each opponent loses life equal to its power and you gain that much life.	class	NJBREPLACEMEXihuo, the Onyx Flame	BR	rare	Legendary Creature — Dragon 	250	BR	3BR	Flying
Whenever a player spends one or more mana to activate an ability that isn’t a mana ability, Xihuo deals 2 damage to each opponent.
BR, Pay 2 life: Xihuo gains double strike until end of turn. Activate only once each turn.	2/4		normal	NJBREPLACEMERuchong Awakening	BG	rare	Sorcery	239	BG	1BG	Create a 0/0 green Wurm creature token with “This creature gets +1/+1 for each permanent card in your graveyard.”
If you would draw a card, you may sacrifice two lands and mill two cards instead. If you do, return Ruchong Awakening from your graveyard to your hand.			normal	NJBREPLACEMEKai'Oro, Grave Betrayer	UBR	rare	Legendary Creature — Demon 	223	UBR	2UBR	Flying, ward 3
Whenever Kai’Oro enters the battlefield or attacks, you may exile target nonland card with mana value 3 or less from any graveyard. Until end of turn, you may cast a copy of that card without paying its mana cost.	3/4		normal	NJBREPLACEMEThe Mythical Zhiwu	WBG	rare	Legendary Creature — Plant Beast 	231	WBG	WBG	The Mythical Zhiwu enters the battlefield with four +1/+1 counters on it.
1, Remove a +1/+1 counter from a creature you control: Target creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn. Activate only as a sorcery.
1, Remove a +1/+1 counter from a creature you control: Each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.	0/0		normal	NJBREPLACEMEJiu, Daughter of the Sun	R	rare	Legendary Creature — Fox Spirit 	146	R	1R	Other attacking Foxes you control get +1/+0.
2R, Sacrifice Jiu: Discard your hand, then draw a card for each tapped Fox you control.	3/1		normal	NJBREPLACEMEElder General Hatsuo	R	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Warrior 	133	R	2R	Whenever Hatsuo attacks, if you control three or more attacking creatures, attacking creatures you control gain first strike until end of turn.
Inspired — Whenever Hatsuo becomes untapped, create a 1/1 white Warrior creature token. It gains haste and attacks this turn if able.	3/2		normal	NJBREPLACEMEMieng of the Pyre Waltz	R	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Wizard 	150	R	1RR	Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)
1R: Mieng gains flying until end of turn.
Whenever Mieng attacks, create a 4/4 red Dragon creature token with flying that’s tapped and attacking. Exile that token at end of combat unless you’re in a renaissance.	2/2		normal	NJBREPLACEMETseng, the Shooting Star	R	rare	Legendary Creature — Dragon 	161	R	4RR	Flying
Lands you control have “T: Add RR. This land deals 2 damage to you.”
RRRRRR: Shuffle, then exile the top three cards of your library. You may cast one of them without paying its mana cost.	6/6		normal	NJBREPLACEMENichang Yuyi	R	rare	Sorcery	151	R	1R	Draw a card. The next noncreature spell you cast this turn costs 2 less to cast.
Showcase 3R (Then if you cast this for its showcase cost, create a 1/1 red Bard creature token that can’t block and exile this. When that token attacks, you may cast a free copy of this.)			normal	NJBREPLACEMEJudgment of Hao'Tai	R	rare	Sorcery	147	R	2RR	Judgment of Hao’Tai deals 4 damage to each non-Dragon creature.			normal	NJBREPLACEMEDragon Emperor's Chariot	R	rare	Legendary Artifact — Vehicle 	132	R	4RR	Flying, trample
Crew 8
When Dragon Emperor’s Chariot enters the battlefield, create a 4/4 red Dragon creature token with flying.
Whenever Dragon Emperor’s Chariot attacks, it deals 4 damage divided as you choose among any number of targets.	10/10		normal	NJBREPLACEMEThe Art of War	R	rare	Enchantment — Gallery 	124	R	1RR			(Choose only one work as a sorcery to add its ability.)
When The Art of War enters the battlefield, if a source you control would deal damage this turn, it deals double that damage instead.
2RR: Laying Plans
The first time you attack each turn, untap each creature you control. After this phase, there is an additional combat phase.
2RR: Waging War
Whenever a creature you control attacks, create a token copy of it that’s tapped and attacking, except the token isn’t legendary. Exile those tokens at end of combat.	class	NJBREPLACEMEOld Lord Xiusheng	RG	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Warrior 	232	RG	RG	Whenever a creature with power 4 or greater enters the battlefield under your control, it gains haste until end of turn.
T: Add R or G.
4RG: Create a 4/4 red Dragon creature token with flying.	2/2		normal	NJBREPLACEMEQulai, Orchard Shepherd	WR	rare	Legendary Creature — Fox Spirit 	237	WR	1RW	When Qulai enters the battlefield, look at the top six cards of your library. You may reveal a Fox card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.
Sacrifice Qulai: Foxes you control gain hexproof and indestructible until end of turn.	3/3		normal	NJBREPLACEMECheng, Wild Tyrant	BRG	rare	Legendary Creature — Dragon 	212	BRG	4BRG	Flying, haste
Whenever Cheng attacks, look at the top six cards of your library. You may reveal a creature card from among them and put it into your hand. If it’s a Dragon, put it onto the battlefield tapped and attacking instead. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.	6/6		normal	NJBREPLACEMECou Ling of the Lunar Den	WUR	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Wizard 	213	WUR	2URW	When Cou Ling enters the battlefield, create two 2/1 red and white Fox creature tokens.
Whenever a Fox you control deals combat damage to a player, draw a card, then you may cast an instant or sorcery card with mana value less than or equal to the damage dealt from your hand without paying its mana cost.	1/3		normal	NJBREPLACEMEDa'Lang, Timberheart	G	rare	Legendary Creature — Wolf 	173	G	1GG	Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)
3G: Da’Lang gets +2/+2 until end of turn. If you’re in a renaissance, all creatures able to block Da’Lang this turn do so. Activate only once each turn.	4/3		normal	NJBREPLACEMEChiu, Hand of the Pack	G	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Druid 	169	G	3GG	Wolves you control have hexproof and “Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, draw a card.”
At the beginning of your end step, if you don’t control Shimaru, the Unfading, create Shimaru the Unfading, a legendary 4/4 green Wolf Spirit creature token with trample.	2/2		normal	NJBREPLACEMEHeyu, Depthlurker	G	rare	Legendary Creature — Crocodile Turtle 	183	G	2G	Flash
Whenever another permanent dies, put a +1/+1 counter on Heyu.
1G: Heyu becomes a colorless Island land until end of turn.	2/2		normal	NJBREPLACEMEJindao, the World Eye	G	rare	Legendary Creature — Snake 	185	G	2GG	You may look at the top card of your library at any time.
You may play an additional land from the top of your library on each of your turns.
3GG: You may cast the top card of your library without paying its mana cost if it’s a creature card. Activate only as a sorcery.	2/2		normal	NJBREPLACEMEXiejuan and Hao Lu	G	rare	Legendary Creature — Cat Human 	205	G	4GG	Trample, vigilance
Spells your opponents cast that target Xiejuan and Hao Lu cost X more to cast, where X is the number of other creatures you control.
Whenever another creature you control dies, draw a card.	6/6		normal	NJBREPLACEMESavage Convergence	G	rare	Sorcery	193	G	3GG	Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)
Search your library for up to three creature cards with different mana values 4 or less, reveal them, put them into your hand, then shuffle. If you’re in a renaissance, you may put them onto the battlefield instead.			normal	NJBREPLACEMETill the Queen's Gardens	G	rare	Sorcery	198	G	XG	Create X 0/1 green Plant creature tokens, then distribute X +1/+1 counters among creatures you control.			normal	NJBREPLACEMEWildlife Sketches	G	rare	Enchantment — Gallery 	204	G	G			(Choose only one work as a sorcery to add its ability.)
When Wildlife Sketches enters the battlefield, reveal the top five cards of your library. Put a creature card from among them into your hand and the rest on the bottom in any order.
1G: Carnation Petals
You may cast creature spells as though they had flash.
3G: Pecking Order
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may sacrifice a creature. If you do, search your library for a creature card with mana value 1 greater than the sacrificed creature’s and put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.	class	NJBREPLACEMEBai of the Royal Gardens	WG	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Druid 	209	WG	GW	Whenever you create one or more tokens, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control.
2GW: Create a 0/1 green Plant creature token.	3/1		normal	NJBREPLACEMEShigurei, Vassal of the Depths	UG	rare	Legendary Creature — Kraken 	242	UG	4GU	Flash
This spell can’t be countered.
Whenever Shigurei attacks, you may activate an ability of a creature you control without paying its cost.
1GU: Target permanent becomes a colorless Island land until end of turn.	7/7		normal	NJBREPLACEMEZihao, Song of the Glade	WRG	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Druid Bard 	254	WRG	RGW	Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)
2RGW: You may put a creature card from your hand onto the battlefield. It gains haste and vigilance until end of turn. Return it to your hand at the beginning of the next end step unless you’re in a renaissance.	3/3		normal	NJBREPLACEMEEmperor Dan Te Mogui	UBG	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Noble 	215	UBG	BGU	Inspired — Whenever Emperor Dan Te Mogui becomes untapped, look at the top three cards of your library. Put one into your graveyard, one on the bottom, and the other back on top.
When Emperor Dan Te Mogui dies, you may put it on the bottom of your library. If you do, return target permanent card from your graveyard to your hand.	3/3		normal	NJBREPLACEMEDuan's Aeriform Ribbons		rare	Legendary Artifact — Equipment 	257	C	2	Equipped creature is a Dragon and has base power and toughness 4/4, flying, and “2: This creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn.”
Equip 3			normal	NJBREPLACEMEThe Orange Orchard		rare	Legendary Land	269	C		T: Add C.
2, T: Choose a color, then choose one —
• Add one mana of that color for each token you control.
• Add one mana of that color for each permanent you control with one or more counters on it.			normal	NJBREPLACEMEXueyang San		rare	Legendary Artifact — Equipment 	262	C	1	Equipped creature gets +1/-1 and has “When this creature dies, put a fate counter on Xueyang San.”
1, Remove a fate counter from Xueyang San: Choose one —
• Draw a card.
• Xueyang San deals 2 damage to any target and you gain 2 life.
Equip 1			normal	NJBREPLACEMEShrine of Elder Lords		rare	Land	272	C		Whenever you create an Idol token, put a +1/+1 counter on Shrine of Elder Lords.
T: Add C.
3: Put a +1/+1 counter on Shrine of Elder Lords, then you may have it become a 0/0 Elemental creature with vigilance until end of turn. It’s still a land.			normal	NJBREPLACEMEOutcast of the Folded Fan	W	common	Creature — Human 	28	W	1W	1W, Exile Outcast of the Folded Fan from your graveyard: Create a 1/1 white Bird creature token with flying. Activate only as a sorcery.	2/1		normal	NJBREPLACEMEFox of a Radiant Meadow	W	uncommon	Creature — Fox 	14	W	1W	Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)
Fox of a Radiant Meadow has double strike as long as you’re in a renaissance.	2/2		normal	NJBREPLACEMEGlorious Wingwright	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Artificer 	17	W	1W	Flying
Whenever an artifact enters the battlefield under your control, put a +1/+1 counter on Glorious Wingwright. This ability triggers only once each turn.	1/1		normal	NJBREPLACEMEFox of a Glistening Glen	W	uncommon	Creature — Fox 	12	W	2W	Other Foxes you control get +1/+1.
2W: Target Fox you control gains lifelink until end of turn.	3/2		normal	NJBREPLACEMEChiseled Familiar	W	uncommon	Artifact Creature — Fox 	8	W	2W	When Chiseled Familiar enters the battlefield, draw a card.
Sacrifice Chiseled Familiar: You gain 2 life.	2/2		normal	NJBREPLACEMEAdept Lieutenant	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Warrior 	1	W	1WW	Whenever Adept Lieutenant attacks, create an Idol token. (It’s an artifact with “1, Sacrifice this artifact: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.”)
1, Sacrifice an Idol: Put a +1/+1 counter on Adept Lieutenant.	3/3		normal	NJBREPLACEMERed-Crowned Admiral	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Warrior 	32	W	3W	When Red-Crowned Admiral enters the battlefield, create an Idol token. (It’s an artifact with “1, Sacrifice this artifact: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.”)
Each creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it has flying.	2/3		normal	NJBREPLACEMEHeping's Acolyte	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Monk 	21	W	3W	Whenever a nontoken creature you control dies, create a 1/1 colorless Spirit creature token with flying.	1/5		normal	NJBREPLACEMELeave the Den	W	uncommon	Sorcery	23	W	3WW	Create three 2/1 red and white Fox creature tokens.			normal	NJBREPLACEMEThe People's Anthem	W	uncommon	Instant	30	W	W	Creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn.
Showcase 2WW (Then if you cast this for its showcase cost, create a 1/1 red Bard creature token that can’t block and exile this. When that token attacks, you may cast a free copy of this.)			normal	NJBREPLACEMESeal the Gateway	W	uncommon	Instant	35	W	W	Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)
Target creature or planeswalker an opponent controls phases out. If you’re in a renaissance, exile it instead.			normal	NJBREPLACEMEChamber of Penance	W	uncommon	Artifact	7	W	2W	When Chamber of Penance enters the battlefield, exile target nonland permanent an opponent controls until Chamber of Penance leaves the battlefield.			normal	NJBREPLACEMESage of the Jade Baton	U	uncommon	Creature — Human Bard 	74	U	U	Sage of the Jade Baton can’t be blocked by creatures with toughness 2 or greater.
Inspired — Whenever Sage of the Jade Baton becomes untapped, draw a card, then discard a card.	1/2		normal	NJBREPLACEMEReflecting Pool Drifter	U	uncommon	Creature — Drake 	72	U	1U	Flying
2U: Switch target creature’s power and toughness until end of turn.	1/3		normal	NJBREPLACEMEPon's Apprentice	U	uncommon	Creature — Human Wizard 	69	U	2U	Inspired — Whenever Pon’s Apprentice becomes untapped, target creature you control has base power and toughness 5/5 until end of turn.	2/2		normal	NJBREPLACEMENonpareil of the Abyss	U	uncommon	Creature — Kraken 	64	U	6UU	Trample
Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)
When Nonpareil of the Abyss enters the battlefield, create an Idol token.
Nonpareil of the Abyss has ward 8 as long as you’re in a renaissance.	8/8		normal	NJBREPLACEMECerulean Sovereign	U	uncommon	Creature — Drake 	48	U	4UU	Flying
When Cerulean Sovereign enters the battlefield, you may return target creature an opponent controls or target instant or sorcery card in your graveyard to its owner’s hand.	3/4		normal	NJBREPLACEMEHydrolyze	U	uncommon	Instant	56	U	1U	Counter target spell. If that spell is countered this way, its owner puts it on the top or bottom of their library instead of into their graveyard.
Each player draws a card.			normal	NJBREPLACEMETrawl the Annals	U	uncommon	Instant	79	U	3U	Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)
Scry 2, then draw two cards. If you’re in a renaissance, draw three cards instead.			normal	NJBREPLACEMEBudding Couturier	U	uncommon	Creature — Human Citizen 	47	U	1U	Whenever you cast a spell for its showcase cost, create a 2/2 blue Drake creature token with flying.	2/1		normal	NJBREPLACEMEBian Lian Opera	U	uncommon	Instant	46	U	1U	Target creature you control becomes a copy of another target creature you control until end of turn.
Showcase 2UU (Then if you cast this for its showcase cost, create a 1/1 red Bard creature token that can’t block and exile this. When that token attacks, you may cast a free copy of this.)			normal	NJBREPLACEMEStand in Opposition	U	uncommon	Instant	77	U	2U	Until end of turn, creatures and artifacts you control gain “T: Tap target permanent.”			normal	NJBREPLACEMEAftermath of the Surge	U	uncommon	Enchantment	43	U	3U	When Aftermath of the Surge enters the battlefield, create two Treasure tokens.
1U, Sacrifice two artifacts: Draw two cards.
3U, Sacrifice four artifacts: Create an 8/8 blue Kraken creature token. It can’t block this turn.			normal	NJBREPLACEMELunar Shachuan	U	uncommon	Artifact — Vehicle 	63	U	2U	Flying
Crew 2
Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)
As long as you’re in a renaissance, Lunar Shachuan is an artifact creature.	3/4		normal	NJBREPLACEMEEaveshoppers	B	uncommon	Creature — Human Rogue 	91	B	1B	When Eaveshoppers enters the battlefield, each opponent discards a card.
Inspired — Whenever Eaveshoppers becomes untapped, exile up to one target card from a graveyard. If a land card is exiled this way, put a +1/+1 counter on Eaveshoppers.	1/1		normal	NJBREPLACEMEShifu of Xiangyin Temple	B	uncommon	Creature — Human Warrior 	110	B	1B	Whenever a creature you control dies, create an Idol token. (It’s an artifact with “1, Sacrifice this artifact: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.”)
Whenever you sacrifice a noncreature permanent, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.	0/1		normal	NJBREPLACEMESable Evangelist	B	uncommon	Creature — Human Cleric 	105	B	2B	When Sable Evangelist enters the battlefield, create a 0/1 black Cultist creature token with “1BB, Sacrifice three Cultists: Create a 5/5 black Demon creature token.”
Cultists you control get +2/+0 and can’t block.	2/1		normal	NJBREPLACEMESoul Engulfer	B	uncommon	Creature — Demon 	112	B	1BB	Menace
Inspired — Whenever Soul Engulfer becomes untapped, each opponent loses 4 life.	0/4		normal	NJBREPLACEMEMercenary of the Folded Fan	B	uncommon	Creature — Human Mercenary 	102	B	3B	Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)
2B, Discard a card: Mercenary of the Folded Fan gains indestructible until end of turn. Tap it. If you’re in a renaissance, draw a card.	4/3		normal	NJBREPLACEMEGrotesque Defiler	B	uncommon	Creature — Demon 	95	B	3BB	Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)
Sacrifice another creature: Grotesque Defiler gains flying until end of turn.
Whenever Grotesque Defiler deals combat damage to a player, if you’re in a renaissance, that player discards a card.	4/5		normal	NJBREPLACEMEDemon of Hubris	B	uncommon	Creature — Demon 	89	B	4BB	1B, Sacrifice another creature: Draw a card and create an Idol token. (It’s an artifact with “1, Sacrifice this artifact: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.”)
2B, Sacrifice three Idols: Return Demon of Hubris from your graveyard to the battlefield. Activate only as a sorcery.	6/6		normal	NJBREPLACEMEConsign to Old Diyu	B	uncommon	Instant	88	B	3B	Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)
Destroy target creature. If you’re in a renaissance, you may return a creature card from your graveyard to your hand.			normal	NJBREPLACEMESkirmish Scars	B	uncommon	Sorcery	111	B	3BB	Target creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn, a second target creature gets -2/-2 until end of turn, and a third target creature gets -3/-3 until end of turn.			normal	NJBREPLACEMEWhispers of the Dead	B	uncommon	Instant	120	B	1B	As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature.
Look at the top three cards of your library. Put two of them into your hand and the other into your graveyard.			normal	NJBREPLACEMEBandit's Dagger	B	uncommon	Artifact — Equipment 	84	B	B	Whenever equipped creature attacks, it gains deathtouch until end of turn.
Sacrifice Bandit’s Dagger: Target player dealt damage by equipped creature this turn reveals their hand. You choose a nonland card from it. That player discards that card.
Equip 2			normal	NJBREPLACEMEYenzu Melodrama	B	uncommon	Enchantment	123	B	2B	Demon spells you cast cost 2 less to cast and an additional 2 life to cast. 
Whenever you cast a Demon spell, create a 0/1 black Cultist creature token with “1BB, Sacrifice three Cultists: Create a 5/5 black Demon creature token.”			normal	NJBREPLACEMEPup of a Marigold Burrow	R	uncommon	Creature — Fox 	154	R	R	Whenever another Fox enters the battlefield under your control, Pup of a Marigold Burrow deals 1 damage to each opponent.	2/1		normal	NJBREPLACEMEDraconic Cinderlance	R	uncommon	Creature — Human Warrior 	131	R	1R	Menace
Whenever a creature you control with power 4 or greater attacks, it gains menace until end of turn.	2/1		normal	NJBREPLACEMEFervid Dragonheart	R	uncommon	Creature — Human Warrior 	136	R	2R	2RR, Exile an instant or sorcery card from your graveyard: Fervid Dragonheart gets +1/+2, gains flying, and becomes a Dragon until end of turn.	3/2		normal	NJBREPLACEMEScholar of the Staff	R	uncommon	Creature — Monkey Warrior 	156	R	2R	Scholar of the Staff can’t block.
Inspired — Whenever Scholar of the Staff becomes untapped, up to one target creature can’t block this turn.	4/2		normal	NJBREPLACEMEKeen Redtail	R	uncommon	Creature — Fox 	148	R	1R	When Keen Redtail enters the battlefield, create an Idol token. (It’s an artifact with “1, Sacrifice this artifact: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.”)
When Keen Redtail dies, it deals damage equal to its power to any target.	1/2		normal	NJBREPLACEMEFrisky Denmates	R	uncommon	Creature — Fox 	142	R	3R	When Frisky Denmates enters the battlefield, create a 2/1 red and white Fox creature token, then Frisky Denmates deals damage to target creature or planeswalker an opponent controls equal to the number of Foxes you control.	2/1		normal	NJBREPLACEMERapacious Regent	R	uncommon	Creature — Dragon 	155	R	3RR	Flying
When Rapacious Regent enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice another creature or artifact. If you do, Rapacious Regent deals 3 damage to any target.	3/3		normal	NJBREPLACEMEBonk	R	uncommon	Instant	126	R	3R	This spell costs 2 less to cast if you control a creature with power 4 or greater.
Bonk deals 4 damage to any target.			normal	NJBREPLACEMEFiligree Fan Dance	R	uncommon	Instant	137	R	1R	Target creature gains double strike until end of turn.
Showcase 2RR (Then if you cast this for its showcase cost, create a 1/1 red Bard creature token that can’t block and exile this. When that token attacks, you may cast a free copy of this.)			normal	NJBREPLACEMEStroke of Fortune	R	common	Sorcery	160	R	1R	Create a Treasure token.
Showcase 2R (Then if you cast this for its showcase cost, create a 1/1 red Bard creature token that can’t block and exile this. When that token attacks, you may cast a free copy of this.)			normal	NJBREPLACEMEBaptism by Fire	R	uncommon	Instant	125	R	1R	Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)
Baptism by Fire deals 3 damage to target creature or planeswalker. If you’re in a renaissance, Baptism by Fire deals 6 damage to that permanent instead.			normal	NJBREPLACEMEFor the Court of the Queen	R	uncommon	Enchantment	139	R	2R	Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, if you cast it for its showcase cost, exile the top two cards of your library. Otherwise, look at the top two cards of your library, then put one on the bottom of your library and exile the other. You may play cards exiled this way until you exile one or more other cards with For the Court of the Queen.			normal	NJBREPLACEMEVassal of the Wild	G	uncommon	Creature — Human Druid 	200	G	G	T: Add G. Spend this mana only to cast a creature spell or activate an ability of a creature.
At the beginning of combat on your turn, if you control a creature with power 4 or greater, Vassal of the Wild gets +2/+1 and gains vigilance until end of turn.	1/1		normal	NJBREPLACEMESpirited Florist	G	uncommon	Creature — Human Druid 	195	G	1G	Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)
2G: Put two +1/+1 counters on target land you control. If you’re in a renaissance, you may have that land become a 0/0 green Elemental creature until end of turn. (It’s still a land.)	1/3		normal	NJBREPLACEMEChaparral Hunter	G	uncommon	Creature — Human Archer 	168	G	2G	Reach
When Chaparral Hunter enters the battlefield, if a permanent you controlled died this turn, draw a card and you gain 3 life.	2/3		normal	NJBREPLACEMEVerdant Druid	G	uncommon	Creature — Human Druid 	201	G	2G	Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)
2G: Reveal the top three cards of your library. You may put a creature card from among them on top. If you’re in a renaissance, put it into your hand instead. Put the rest on the bottom of in any order.	3/2		normal	NJBREPLACEMEForerunner of the Briar	G	uncommon	Creature — Human Scout 	177	G	3G	When Forerunner of the Briar enters the battlefield, sacrifice two lands. When you do, choose one —
• Create a 3/3 green Beast creature token.
•  Search your library for up to two basic lands cards, put them onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.	4/3		normal	NJBREPLACEMERampaging Xiangshe	G	uncommon	Creature — Beast 	192	G	4G	When Rampaging Xiangshe enters the battlefield, create an Idol token. (It’s an artifact with “1, Sacrifice this artifact: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.”)
Each creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it has trample.	5/5		normal	NJBREPLACEMEThriving Viper	G	uncommon	Creature — Snake 	197	G	1G	Trample
Once each turn, if one or more +1/+1 counters would be put on a creature you control, that many plus one +1/+1 counters are put on that creature instead.	2/2		normal	NJBREPLACEMESpawn of Qiyan	G	uncommon	Creature — Hydra 	194	G	6GG	Trample
When Spawn of Qiyan enters the battlefield, distribute four +1/+1 counters among any number of target creatures you control.
2G: Put Spawn of Qiyan from your graveyard into your library second from the top.	4/4		normal	NJBREPLACEMELu'She Temple Customs	G	uncommon	Sorcery	187	G	1GG	As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a permanent.
Return up to two target cards from your graveyard to your hand. Exile Lu’She Temple Customs.			normal	NJBREPLACEMETimberland Hymn	G	uncommon	Sorcery	199	G	G	Each opponent sacrifices an artifact or enchantment.
Showcase 2GG (Then if you cast this for its showcase cost, create a 1/1 red Bard creature token that can’t block and exile this. When that token attacks, you may cast a free copy of this.)			normal	NJBREPLACEMEPack Savagery	G	uncommon	Instant	190	G	G	Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)
Target creature has base power and toughness 4/4 until end of turn. If you’re in a renaissance, untap it and it gains hexproof and indestructible until end of turn.			normal	NJBREPLACEMEViridian Townships	G	uncommon	Enchantment	203	G	2G	When Viridian Townships enters the battlefield, create two Idol tokens. (They’re artifacts with “1, Sacrifice this artifact: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.”)
2, Sacrifice an Idol: Draw a card.
2, Sacrifice an Idol: You gain 3 life.			normal	NJBREPLACEMEGemscale Drake	WU	uncommon	Creature — Drake 	219	WU	2WU	Flying
When Gemscale Drake enters the battlefield, create a Treasure token.
Whenever Gemscale Drake deals combat damage to a player, scry 1. If you control three or more artifacts, draw a card instead.	3/2		normal	NJBREPLACEMEThose Lost to the Waves	WU	uncommon	Enchantment — Gallery 	245	WU	WU			(Choose only one work as a sorcery to add its ability.)
When Those Lost to the Waves enters the battlefield, search your library for an artifact card with mana value 3 or less, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.
1W: Fight the Current
Equipped creatures you control get +1/+1.
3U: Soul of the Sea
At the beginning of combat on your turn, you may have target noncreature artifact become a 3/3 artifact creature until end of turn.	class	NJBREPLACEMEYenzu Nightblade	UB	uncommon	Creature — Human Rogue 	253	UB	1UB	Deathtouch
Inspired — Whenever Yenzu Nightblade becomes untapped, target creature you control gets +1/+1 and gains deathtouch until end of turn.	2/3		normal	NJBREPLACEMEPath of the Outsider	UB	uncommon	Enchantment — Gallery 	235	UB	3UB			(Choose only one work as a sorcery to add its ability.)
When Path of the Outsider enters the battlefield, return target creature to its owner’s hand, then each opponent sacrifices a creature.
2U: Evanescence
0: Target creature phases out. Activate only during your turn and only once each turn.
2B: Anguish
Whenever a creature attacks you, it gets -1/-1 until end of turn.	class	NJBREPLACEMEBlackblood Feaster	BR	uncommon	Creature — Demon 	210	BR	4BR	Flying
When Blackblood Feaster enters the battlefield, you may have each player sacrifice a creature.
Pay 2 life: Blackblood Feaster gets +2/+2 until end of turn. Activate only once each turn.	3/3		normal	NJBREPLACEMEAltar of Twisted Piety	BR	uncommon	Enchantment — Gallery 	206	BR	1BR			(Choose only one work as a sorcery to add its ability.)
When Altar of Twisted Piety enters the battlefield, return target creature card with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield.
2B: Shadows Bind Us
B, Sacrifice three creatures: Create a 5/5 black Demon creature token. Put your choice of a flying counter or a lifelink counter on it. It can’t block this turn.
2R: Hellfire Fills Us
R, Sacrifice a creature: Altar of Twisted Piety deals 2 damage to any target.	class	NJBREPLACEMEWilderkin Zealot	RG	uncommon	Creature — Human Druid 	248	RG	RG	At the beginning of combat on your turn, if you control a creature with power 4 or greater, put a +1/+1 counter on Wilderkin Zealot.
RG: Target creature gains trample until end of turn.	2/2		normal	NJBREPLACEMECelebrations of Ferocity	RG	uncommon	Enchantment — Gallery 	211	RG	RG			(Choose only one work as a sorcery to add its ability.)
When Celebrations of Ferocity enters the battlefield, add RG. Spend this mana only to cast creature spells.
4RR: Hao’Tai’s Wake
At the beginning of combat on your turn, target creature you control becomes a 4/4 red Dragon with flying until end of turn.
1G: Portrait of Qiyan
Creatures you control enter the battlefield with an additional +1/+1 counter on them.	class	NJBREPLACEMEAscetic of the Folded Fan	WG	uncommon	Creature — Human Warrior 	207	WG	1GW	Flying
When Ascetic of the Folded Fan enters the battlefield, create an Idol token. (It’s an artifact with “1, Sacrifice this artifact: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.”)
Each creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it has vigilance.	1/3		normal	NJBREPLACEMEKanghyae Forum	WG	uncommon	Enchantment — Gallery 	224	WG	GW			(Choose only one work as a sorcery to add its ability.)
When Kanghyae Forum enters the battlefield, you may return another permanent you control to its owner’s hand. If you don’t, draw a card.
2G: A Common Good
If an effect would create one or more tokens under your control, it creates that many of those tokens plus one instead.
2W: Rebuilding Trust
If an effect would put one or more counters on a permanent you control, it puts that many of those counters plus one on that permanent instead.	class	NJBREPLACEMEImperious Aristocrat	WB	uncommon	Creature — Human Advisor 	222	WB	1WB	Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)
1, Sacrifice another creature: Imperious Aristocrat gains indestructible until end of turn. If you’re in a renaissance, each opponent loses 2 life and you gain 2 life.	3/2		normal	NJBREPLACEMEMemorial Plaza	WB	uncommon	Enchantment — Gallery 	229	WB	1WB			(Choose only one work as a sorcery to add its ability.)
When Memorial Plaza enters the battlefield, create two 1/1 colorless Spirit creature tokens with flying.
2W: The Warrior
At the beginning of combat on your turn, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control.
1B: Rhapsody in Black
At the beginning of your end step, you may sacrifice a creature. If you do, draw a card.	class	NJBREPLACEMESong of Wind and Fire	UR	uncommon	Sorcery	243	UR	3UR	Create a 4/4 blue and red Dragon creature token with flying.
Showcase 5UR (Then if you cast this for its showcase cost, create a 1/1 red Bard creature token that can’t block and exile this. When that token attacks, you may cast a free copy of this.)			normal	NJBREPLACEMEThe Royal Vignettes	UR	uncommon	Enchantment — Gallery 	238	UR	1UR			(Choose only one work as a sorcery to add its ability.)
When The Royal Vignettes enters the battlefield, exile target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard. Until your next turn, you may cast that card.
1U: Ju, the Artisan
Whenever you cast an instant spell, draw a card, then discard a card.
1R: Lan, the Poet
Whenever you cast a sorcery spell, create a 1/1 red Bard creature token.	class	NJBREPLACEMEMire Sculptor	BG	uncommon	Creature — Human Warlock 	230	BG	BG	When Mire Sculptor enters the battlefield, mill three cards.
Whenever you sacrifice a permanent, you may pay 2. If you do, return target permanent card from your graveyard to your hand.	2/3		normal	NJBREPLACEMEFables of the Ill-Fated	BG	uncommon	Enchantment — Gallery 	216	BG	2BG			(Choose only one work as a sorcery to add its ability.)
When Fables of the Ill-Fated enters the battlefield, destroy target nonland permanent.
B: The Witch’s Temple
Whenever a nonland permanent you control dies, each opponent loses 1 life.
3G: Enter the Nest
3G, Sacrifice two lands: Create a 0/0 green Wurm creature token with “This creature gets +1/+1 for each permanent card in your graveyard.” Activate only as a sorcery.	class	NJBREPLACEMEFox of a Brisk Autumn	WR	uncommon	Creature — Fox 	218	WR	RW	1RW: Create a 2/1 red and white Fox creature token. It gains haste. Sacrifice it at the beginning of the next end step.
Whenever Fox of a Brisk Autumn attacks, attacking Foxes you control get +1/+1 until end of turn.	2/1		normal	NJBREPLACEMESeto's Private Collection	WR	uncommon	Enchantment — Gallery 	241	WR	2RW			(Choose only one work as a sorcery to add its ability.)
When Seto’s Private Collection enters the battlefield, creatures you control get +2/+1 until end of turn.     
1R: Bloodline
Attacking creatures you control have first strike.
2W: Hope’s Savior
Attacking creatures you control have lifelink.	class	NJBREPLACEMELady of the Nymphaeas	UG	uncommon	Creature — Human Wizard 	226	UG	1GU	Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)
1GU: Reveal the top card of your library. If it’s a land card, you may put it onto the battlefield. If you don’t and you’re in a renaissance, put it into your hand.	2/4		normal	NJBREPLACEMEPeacetime Murals	UG	uncommon	Enchantment — Gallery 	236	UG	3GU			(Choose only one work as a sorcery to add its ability.)
When Peacetime Murals enters the battlefield, draw three cards and you gain 3 life.
2G: Grow as Two
Whenever you activate an ability of a creature you control, create a token that’s a copy of that creature except it isn’t legendary. This ability triggers only once each turn.
2U: A Better Mankind
Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, you may activate one of its abilities without paying its costs. This ability triggers only once each turn.	class	NJBREPLACEMEEffigy of Ivory Fire		uncommon	Artifact	258	C	3	T: Add one mana of any color. Put a creation counter on Effigy of Ivory Fire.
2: Effigy of Ivory Fire becomes a 4/4 red Dragon artifact creature with flying until end of turn. Activate only if Effigy of Ivory Fire has three or more creation counters on it.			normal	NJBREPLACEMEDignitary's Rickshaw		uncommon	Artifact — Vehicle 	256	C	1	Tap an untapped Human you control: Dignitary’s Rickshaw becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.
Inspired — Whenever Dignitary’s Rickshaw becomes untapped, create a 2/1 red and white Fox creature token. It gains haste. Sacrifice it at the beginning of the next end step.	2/3		normal	NJBREPLACEMEFestival Centrum		uncommon	Land	267	C		Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)
T: Add C. If you’re in a renaissance, add one mana of any color instead.
3, T: Scry 1.			normal	NJBREPLACEMEPious Flutist	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Bard 	31	W	W	When Pious Flutist enters the battlefield, create an Idol token. (It’s an artifact with “1, Sacrifice this artifact: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.”)	1/2		normal	NJBREPLACEMERoadside Performer	W	common	Creature — Human Bard 	33	W	W	2, T: Tap target creature.	0/2		normal	NJBREPLACEMEFox of a New Era	W	common	Creature — Fox 	13	W	1W		3/1		normal	NJBREPLACEMESponsor of the Folded Fan	W	common	Creature — Human Warrior 	37	W	1W	Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)
3W: You gain 1 life.
Sponsor of the Folded Fan gets +2/+0 as long as you’re in a renaissance.	1/3		normal	NJBREPLACEMEOrnate Legionnaire	W	common	Creature — Human Warrior 	27	W	1W	2W: Ornate Legionnaire gains first strike until end of turn.	2/2		normal	NJBREPLACEMEGuzheng Instructor	W	common	Creature — Human Bard 	19	W	2W	Whenever an artifact enters or leaves the battlefield under your control, you gain 1 life.	2/3		normal	NJBREPLACEMEApogee Cranes	W	common	Creature — Bird 	3	W	2W	Flying
When Apogee Cranes enters the battlefield, create an Idol token. (It’s an artifact with “1, Sacrifice this artifact: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.”)	2/2		normal	NJBREPLACEMEFox of an Amber Dawn	W	common	Creature — Fox 	15	W	2W	At the beginning of your end step, if a creature you controlled died this turn, put a +1/+1 counter on Fox of an Amber Dawn.	3/2		normal	NJBREPLACEMEApostle of the Elders	W	common	Creature — Human Warrior 	4	W	3W	Apostle of the Elders has lifelink as long as it has a +1/+1 counter on it.	3/3		normal	NJBREPLACEMERusset Denmother	W	common	Creature — Fox 	34	W	3W	When Russet Denmother enters the battlefield, choose one —
• Destroy target enchantment.
• Create a 2/1 red and white Fox creature token.	3/2		normal	NJBREPLACEMELunar Flock	W	common	Creature — Bird 	26	W	4W	Flying
Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)
Lunar Flock has vigilance as long as you’re in a renaissance.	3/4		normal	NJBREPLACEMEFestival Celebrants	W	common	Creature — Human Actor 	11	W	4WW	When Festival Celebrants enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control.	2/2		normal	NJBREPLACEMEAerie Aria	W	common	Sorcery	2	W	2W	Create two 1/1 white Bird creature tokens with flying.			normal	NJBREPLACEMEArmament Exhibition	W	common	Instant	5	W	W	Target creature you control gets +2/+2 until end of turn. If it’s attacking, create an Idol token. (It’s an artifact with “1, Sacrifice this artifact: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.”)			normal	NJBREPLACEMESword Dance	W	common	Instant	38	W	1W	Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)
Sword Dance deals 3 damage to target attacking or blocking creature. If you’re in a renaissance, Sword Dance deals 5 damage to that creature instead.			normal	NJBREPLACEMETale of Tranquility	W	common	Instant	39	W	W	Tap target creature.
Showcase 2W (Then if you cast this for its showcase cost, create a 1/1 red Bard creature token that can’t block and exile this. When that token attacks, you may cast a free copy of this.)			normal	NJBREPLACEMEWalk the Ancestral Path	W	common	Sorcery	40	W	4W	Exile target nonland permanent. Create an Idol token. (It’s an artifact with “1, Sacrifice this artifact: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.”)			normal	NJBREPLACEMESheersilk Robes	W	common	Artifact — Equipment 	36	W	1W	Equipped creature gets +1/+2 and has vigilance.
Equip 3			normal	NJBREPLACEMEPacifism	W	common	Enchantment — Aura 	29	W	1W	Enchant creature
Enchanted creature can’t attack or block.			normal	NJBREPLACEMELamplight Tender	U	common	Creature — Human Citizen 	62	U	1U	T: Add U. Spend this mana only to activate an ability or cast an instant or sorcery spell.	1/2		normal	NJBREPLACEMEErratic Visionary	U	common	Creature — Human Wizard 	52	U	1U	1U, T: Draw a card, then discard a card.	1/3		normal	NJBREPLACEMEParasol Twirler	U	common	Creature — Human Wizard 	68	U	1U	Parasol Twirler has flying as long as you control an artifact.	2/1		normal	NJBREPLACEMEScribe of the Sky Scrolls	U	common	Creature — Human Wizard 	75	U	2U	Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, put a +1/+1 counter on Scribe of the Sky Scrolls. If you spent four or more mana on that spell, Scribe of the Sky Scrolls gains flying until end of turn.	2/2		normal	NJBREPLACEMEFestival Decorator	U	common	Creature — Human Bard 	53	U	2U	Inspired — Whenever Festival Decorator becomes untapped, draw a card.	3/2		normal	NJBREPLACEMEHorizon Glider	U	common	Creature — Drake 	55	U	2U	Flying
Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)
At the beginning of combat on your turn, if you’re in a renaissance, target creature gains flying until end of turn.	2/2		normal	NJBREPLACEMEKaleidoscale Drake	U	common	Creature — Drake 	60	U	3U	Flying
Inspired — Whenever Kaleidoscale Drake becomes untapped, scry 1.	3/3		normal	NJBREPLACEMEDewdrop Oracle	U	common	Creature — Human Wizard 	50	U	3U	When Dewdrop Oracle enters the battlefield, reveal the top four cards of your library. You may put a noncreature card from among them into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.	2/2		normal	NJBREPLACEMEWealth of the Flood	U	common	Sorcery	81	U	5UU	Create an 8/8 blue Kraken creature token.
2U, Discard Wealth of the Flood: Create a Treasure token. Scry 2.			normal	NJBREPLACEMEPrince Crab	U	common	Creature — Crab 	70	U	4U	When Prince Crab enters the battlefield, create a Treasure token and an Idol token. (An artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color” and an artifact with “1, Sacrifice this artifact: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.”)	3/5		normal	NJBREPLACEMEAir of Vernal Tidings	U	common	Instant	44	U	1U	Draw a card.
Showcase 3U (Then if you cast this for its showcase cost, create a 1/1 red Bard creature token that can’t block and exile this. When that token attacks, you may cast a free copy of this.)			normal	NJBREPLACEMEHarmony of Blossoms	U	common	Instant	54	U	2U	Target creature an opponent controls loses all abilities and has base power and toughness 0/1 until end of turn.
Showcase 4U (Then if you cast this for its showcase cost, create a 1/1 red Bard creature token that can’t block and exile this. When that token attacks, you may cast a free copy of this.)			normal	NJBREPLACEMEIng'Wei's Admonition	U	common	Instant	58	U	2U	Counter target spell unless its controller pays 4. Create an Idol token. (It’s an artifact with “1, Sacrifice this artifact: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.”)			normal	NJBREPLACEMEDare to Dream	U	common	Instant	49	U	1U	Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)
Return target nonland permanent to its owner’s hand. If you’re in a renaissance, that permanent’s owner puts it on the top or bottom of their library instead.			normal	NJBREPLACEMEAbandon the Past	U	common	Instant	42	U	2UU	Counter target spell. If that spell is countered this way, put it on the bottom of its owner’s library instead of putting it into its owner’s graveyard. You may put up to three target cards from your graveyard on the bottom of your library in any order.			normal	NJBREPLACEMEBallad of the Forgotten	U	common	Sorcery	45	U	U	Target creature gets +1/+0 and can’t be blocked this turn.
Showcase 2U (Then if you cast this for its showcase cost, create a 1/1 red Bard creature token that can’t block and exile this. When that token attacks, you may cast a free copy of this.)			normal	NJBREPLACEMERead the Tides	U	common	Sorcery	71	U	5U	Choose one —
• Draw three cards.
• Return up to two target creatures to their owners’ hands.			normal	NJBREPLACEMEYenzu Puppeteering	U	common	Enchantment — Aura 	82	U	1U	Enchant creature
When Yenzu Puppeteering enters the battlefield, draw a card.
1U: Untap enchanted creature.			normal	NJBREPLACEMERest and Relaxation	U	common	Enchantment — Aura 	73	U	1U	Enchant creature
Enchanted creature doesn’t untap during its controller’s untap step.
1U: Tap enchanted creature.			normal	NJBREPLACEMETree of Tragedies	B	common	Creature — Plant 	116	B	B	2B, Sacrifice a creature: Draw a card.	0/3		normal	NJBREPLACEMELizhao's Soulblade	B	common	Creature — Human Warrior 	101	B	1B	2B, Exile Lizhao’s Soulblade from your graveyard: Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand. Activate only as a sorcery.	2/1		normal	NJBREPLACEMEYenzu Disciple	B	common	Creature — Human Warrior 	122	B	1B	Inspired — Whenever Yenzu Disciple becomes untapped, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.	2/2		normal	NJBREPLACEMESerum Peddler	B	common	Creature — Human Citizen 	109	B	1B	When Serum Peddler enters the battlefield, you draw a card and you lose 1 life.	1/1		normal	NJBREPLACEMEGilded Sell-Sword	B	common	Creature — Human Warrior 	93	B	2B	Menace
Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)
Gilded Sell-Sword gets +2/+0 as long as you’re in a renaissance.	2/3		normal	NJBREPLACEMEArrogant Orator	B	common	Creature — Demon 	83	B	2B	When Arrogant Orator enters the battlefield, create a 0/1 black Cultist creature token with “1BB, Sacrifice three Cultists: Create a 5/5 black Demon creature token.”	2/2		normal	NJBREPLACEMEScar Tattooist	B	common	Creature — Human Cleric 	107	B	3B	Deathtouch
Inspired — Whenever Scar Tattooist becomes untapped, you may have target creature get -1/-1 until end of turn.	2/3		normal	NJBREPLACEMETheatre of Cruelty	B	common	Sorcery	114	B	1BB	Target opponent discards two cards. You create a 0/1 black Cultist creature token with “1BB, Sacrifice three Cultists: Create a 5/5 black Demon creature token.”			normal	NJBREPLACEMERestless Oppressor	B	common	Creature — Human Noble 	104	B	3B	Whenever you sacrifice a permanent, put a +1/+1 counter on Restless Oppressor.	3/3		normal	NJBREPLACEMETrophy Collector	B	common	Creature — Human Noble 	117	B	4B	2, Sacrifice another creature: Create an Idol token. (It’s an artifact with “1, Sacrifice this artifact: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.”)	3/5		normal	NJBREPLACEMEBearer of Vile Incense	B	common	Creature — Demon 	85	B	4BB	Inspired — Whenever Bearer of Vile Incense becomes untapped, create a 0/1 black Cultist creature token with “1BB, Sacrifice three Cultists: Create a 5/5 black Demon creature token.”	6/6		normal	NJBREPLACEMESpear Flourish	B	common	Instant	113	B	1B	Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)
Target creature gets -2/-2 until end of turn. If you’re in a renaissance, it gets -5/-5 until end of turn instead.			normal	NJBREPLACEMEGrim Bounty	B	common	Sorcery	94	B	2BB	Destroy target creature or planeswalker. Create a Treasure token.			normal	NJBREPLACEMETraveler's Trial	B	common	Instant	115	B	2B	Destroy target creature with no counters on it and no permanents attached to it.			normal	NJBREPLACEMEDirge of the Damned	B	common	Sorcery	90	B	B	Each opponent loses 2 life. Scry 1.
Showcase 3B (Then if you cast this for its showcase cost, create a 1/1 red Bard creature token that can’t block and exile this. When that token attacks, you may cast a free copy of this.)			normal	NJBREPLACEMENightblade Umbra	B	common	Instant	103	B	1B	Until end of turn, target creature gains deathtouch and “When this creature dies, return it to the battlefield tapped under its owner’s control.”			normal	NJBREPLACEMEVisit from Aunti	B	common	Sorcery	119	B	2B	Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)
Draw two cards. Then if you’re in a renaissance, each opponent loses 2 life and you gain 2 life. Otherwise, you lose 2 life.			normal	NJBREPLACEMESanguine Muralist	B	common	Creature — Demon 	106	B	2B	Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
When Sanguine Muralist enters the battlefield, you may have target creature’s toughness become 1 until end of turn.	3/1		normal	NJBREPLACEMEScatter Memories as Ashes	B	common	Sorcery	108	B	2B	Target player reveals their hand. You choose a nonland card from it. That player discards that card. Create an Idol token. (It’s an artifact with “1, Sacrifice this artifact: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.”)			normal	NJBREPLACEMEHerald of the Dragon Army	R	common	Creature — Human Warrior 	144	R	R	Haste
1R, T: Attacking creatures you control get +1/+0 until end of turn.	1/1		normal	NJBREPLACEMEChar Brewer	R	common	Creature — Human Wizard 	129	R	1R	2, T, Sacrifice Char Brewer: Exile target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard. You may cast that card this turn.	1/3		normal	NJBREPLACEMEDazzling Duelist	R	common	Creature — Human Warrior 	130	R	2R	Dazzling Duelist has first strike as long as it’s attacking.
2R: Dazzling Duelist gets +2/+0 until end of turn.	2/2		normal	NJBREPLACEMEFox of the River Run	R	common	Creature — Fox 	141	R	1R	Whenever Fox of the River Run attacks, if you control a creature with power 4 or greater, you may discard a card. If you do, draw a card.	2/2		normal	NJBREPLACEMEJeering Kit	R	common	Creature — Fox 	145	R	3R	Menace
Inspired — Whenever Jeering Kit becomes untapped, target Fox you control gets +1/+1 until end of turn.	3/2		normal	NJBREPLACEMEFlame Juggler	R	common	Creature — Human Wizard 	138	R	2R	When Flame Juggler dies, it deals 3 damage to each opponent.	3/1		normal	NJBREPLACEMEFox of the Juniper Vale	R	common	Creature — Fox 	140	R	2R	When Fox of the Juniper Vale enters the battlefield, create an Idol token. (It’s an artifact with “1, Sacrifice this artifact: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.”)	3/2		normal	NJBREPLACEMEScourge of the Sun	R	common	Creature — Dragon 	158	R	3R	Flying
Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, Scourge of the Sun gets +1/+0 until end of turn. If you spent four or more mana on that spell, Scourge of the Sun gets an additional +1/+0 until end of turn.	2/3		normal	NJBREPLACEMEWarlord of Wun Su	R	common	Creature — Monkey Warrior 	164	R	4R	Trample
Warlord of Wun Su can’t block alone.	5/5		normal	NJBREPLACEMEOne Last Dance	R	common	Sorcery	153	R	2R	Gain control of target creature until end of turn and untap it. Until end of turn, it gains haste and “Whenever this creature attacks, it deals 2 damage to itself.”			normal	NJBREPLACEMEKuoshu Martial Arts	R	common	Instant	149	R	1R	Target creature you control gets +3/+1 and gains trample until end of turn.
Showcase 3RR (Then if you cast this for its showcase cost, create a 1/1 red Bard creature token that can’t block and exile this. When that token attacks, you may cast a free copy of this.)			normal	NJBREPLACEMEScorching Dragonfire	R	common	Instant	157	R	1R	Scorching Dragonfire deals 3 damage to target creature or planeswalker. If that permanent would die this turn, exile it instead.			normal	NJBREPLACEMEOde to the Red Wind	R	common	Sorcery	152	R	R	Ode to the Red Wind deals 1 damage to target creature. It can’t block this turn.
Showcase 3R (Then if you cast this for its showcase cost, create a 1/1 red Bard creature token that can’t block and exile this. When that token attacks, you may cast a free copy of this.)			normal	NJBREPLACEMEVulpine Verse	R	uncommon	Sorcery	163	R	1R	Create a 2/1 red and white Fox creature token. If you’re attacking, that token enters the battlefield tapped and attacking.
Showcase 4R (Then if you cast this for its showcase cost, create a 1/1 red Bard creature token that can’t block and exile this. When that token attacks, you may cast a free copy of this.)			normal	NJBREPLACEMEBurning of Xiangyin Temple	R	common	Instant	127	R	4R	Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)
Burning of Xiangyin Temple deals 5 damage to target creature or planeswalker. If you’re in a renaissance, Burning of Xiangyin Temple deals 3 damage to that permanent’s controller.			normal	NJBREPLACEMESlapdash Matrimony	R	common	Sorcery	159	R	1R	As an additional cost to cast this spell, discard a card and sacrifice a nonland permanent.
Draw three cards.			normal	NJBREPLACEMEExpedite	R	common	Instant	135	R	R	Target creature gains haste until end of turn.
Draw a card.			normal	NJBREPLACEMEViolent Devotion	R	common	Instant	162	R	1R	Destroy target nontoken artifact. Create an Idol token. (It’s an artifact with “1, Sacrifice this artifact: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.”)			normal	NJBREPLACEMECeremonial Jian	R	common	Artifact — Equipment 	128	R	R	Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)
Equipped creature gets +2/+0.
As long as you’re in a renaissance, equipped creature has first strike.
Equip 3			normal	NJBREPLACEMEEdgeland Savant	G	common	Creature — Human Druid 	175	G	G	1G, Sacrifice Edgeland Savant: Draw a card. You may put a land card from your hand onto the battlefield tapped.	1/1		normal	NJBREPLACEMECrooning Eulogist	G	common	Creature — Human Bard 	172	G	1G	1, T, Exile a creature card from your graveyard: Create an Idol token. (It’s an artifact with “1, Sacrifice this artifact: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.”)	1/3		normal	NJBREPLACEMEHarmonic Recruit	G	common	Creature — Human Warrior 	180	G	1G	Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)
3G: Harmonic Recruit gets +2/+2 until end of turn. If you’re in a renaissance, it gets +4/+4 until end of turn instead.	2/2		normal	NJBREPLACEMEMischievous Maolu	G	common	Creature — Beast 	189	G	1G	Whenever you sacrifice a permanent, Mischievous Maolu gets +1/+1 until end of turn and you gain 1 life.	2/1		normal	NJBREPLACEMEGashing Panther	G	common	Creature — Cat 	179	G	2G	2G, Sacrifice a land: Gashing Panther gains indestructible until end of turn. Tap it.	4/2		normal	NJBREPLACEMECohorts of the Grove	G	common	Creature — Human Druid 	171	G	2G	Vigilance
Whenever Cohorts of the Grove deals combat damage to a player, if you control a creature with power 4 or greater, draw a card.	2/3		normal	NJBREPLACEMEVinehorn Stag	G	common	Creature — Elk 	202	G	2G	As long as Vinehorn Stag has a +1/+1 counter on it, it can’t be blocked by more than one creature.	3/2		normal	NJBREPLACEMEDescendant of Shimaru	G	common	Creature — Wolf 	174	G	2GG	Trample
When Descendant of Shimaru enters the battlefield, create an Idol token. (It’s an artifact with “1, Sacrifice this artifact: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.”)	4/4		normal	NJBREPLACEMEBastion Ranger	G	common	Creature — Human Archer 	166	G	3G	Ward 2 (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player pays 2.)
1G: Bastion Ranger gains reach and deathtouch until end of turn.	2/4		normal	NJBREPLACEMESuitor of the Glade	G	common	Creature — Dryad 	196	G	4G	When Suitor of the Glade enters the battlefield, put two +1/+1 counters on target creature you control. It gains vigilance until end of turn.	3/3		normal	NJBREPLACEMEMighty Xioshu	G	common	Creature — Elk Bear 	188	G	4GG	Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)
Mighty Xioshu can’t be blocked by creatures with power 2 or less as long as you’re in a renaissance.	7/6		normal	NJBREPLACEMEExquisite Slash	G	common	Instant	176	G	1G	Golden age (If you cast an instant or sorcery spell, activated a nonmana ability, and attacked this turn, enter a renaissance for this game.)
Target creature you control gets +1/+0 until end of turn if you’re in a renaissance. Then that creature deals damage equal to its power to target creature you don’t control.			normal	NJBREPLACEMEChords of Conflict	G	common	Sorcery	170	G	1G	Target creature gets +3/+3 until end of turn and must be blocked this turn if able.
Showcase 3GG (Then if you cast this for its showcase cost, create a 1/1 red Bard creature token that can’t block and exile this. When that token attacks, you may cast a free copy of this.)			normal	NJBREPLACEMEHerbal Remedy	G	common	Instant	181	G	G	Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control. Prevent all damage that would be dealt to that creature this turn.			normal	NJBREPLACEMECalled Shot	G	common	Instant	167	G	2G	Destroy up to one target enchantment or creature with flying. Create an Idol token. (It’s an artifact with “1, Sacrifice this artifact: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.”)			normal	NJBREPLACEMEJourneying Packmaster	G	common	Creature — Human Druid 	186	G	4G	When Journeying Packmaster enters the battlefield, look at the top card of your library. If it’s a land card, you may put it onto the battlefield tapped. If you don’t, draw a card.	4/4		normal	NJBREPLACEMEAdventurous Impulse	G	common	Sorcery	165	G	G	Look at the top three cards of your library. You may reveal a creature or land card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.			normal	NJBREPLACEMEJadeplate Armor	G	common	Artifact — Equipment 	184	G	1G	Equipped creature gets +2/+1.
Equip 2			normal	NJBREPLACEMEHero's Journey	G	common	Sorcery	182	G	2G	Search your library for a basic land card and put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle. Create an Idol token. (It’s an artifact with “1, Sacrifice this artifact: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.”)			normal	NJBREPLACEMEYenzu Ritual Vessel		common	Artifact	263	C	1	4, T, Sacrifice Yenzu Ritual Vessel: Yenzu Ritual Vessel deals 4 damage to target creature or planeswalker.			normal	NJBREPLACEMEProcessional Junk		common	Artifact — Vehicle 	260	C	4	Vigilance
Crew 2 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 2 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	4/4		normal	NJBREPLACEMEOrnamental Longbow		common	Artifact — Equipment 	259	C	2	Equipped creature gets +1/+1.
Whenever equipped creature deals combat damage to a player, Ornamental Longbow deals 1 damage to any target.
Equip 2			normal	NJBREPLACEMEProphetic Prismite		common	Artifact Creature — Construct 	261	C	4	When Prophetic Prismite enters the battlefield, draw a card.
2: Add one mana of any color.	2/2		normal	NJBREPLACEMEWarped Landscape		common	Land	276	C		T: Add C.
2, T, Sacrifice Warped Landscape: Search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	NJBREPLACEMEPlains		common	Basic Land — Plains 	280	C					normal	NJBREPLACEMEPlains		common	Basic Land — Plains 	281	C					normal	NJBREPLACEMEPlains		common	Basic Land — Plains 	278	C					normal	NJBREPLACEMEPlains		common	Basic Land — Plains 	279	C					normal	NJBREPLACEMEIsland		common	Basic Land — Island 	284	C					normal	NJBREPLACEMEIsland		common	Basic Land — Island 	282	C					normal	NJBREPLACEMEIsland		common	Basic Land — Island 	283	C					normal	NJBREPLACEMEIsland		common	Basic Land — Island 	285	C					normal	NJBREPLACEMESwamp		common	Basic Land — Swamp 	286	C					normal	NJBREPLACEMESwamp		common	Basic Land — Swamp 	287	C					normal	NJBREPLACEMESwamp		common	Basic Land — Swamp 	288	C					normal	NJBREPLACEMESwamp		common	Basic Land — Swamp 	289	C					normal	NJBREPLACEMEMountain		common	Basic Land — Mountain 	292	C					normal	NJBREPLACEMEMountain		common	Basic Land — Mountain 	293	C					normal	NJBREPLACEMEMountain		common	Basic Land — Mountain 	290	C					normal	NJBREPLACEMEMountain		common	Basic Land — Mountain 	291	C					normal	NJBREPLACEMEForest		common	Basic Land — Forest 	294	C					normal	NJBREPLACEMEForest		common	Basic Land — Forest 	297	C					normal	NJBREPLACEMEForest		common	Basic Land — Forest 	295	C					normal	NJBREPLACEMEForest		common	Basic Land — Forest 	296	C					normal	NJBREPLACEMETranquil Cove		common	Land	275	WU		Tranquil Cove enters the battlefield tapped.
When Tranquil Cove enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life.
T: Add W or U.			normal	NJBREPLACEMEDismal Backwater		common	Land	266	UB		Dismal Backwater enters the battlefield tapped.
When Dismal Backwater enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life.
T: Add U or B.			normal	NJBREPLACEMEBloodfell Caves		common	Land	264	BR		Bloodfell Caves enters the battlefield tapped.
When Bloodfell Caves enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life.
T: Add B or R.			normal	NJBREPLACEMERugged Highlands		common	Land	270	RG		Rugged Highlands enters the battlefield tapped.
When Rugged Highlands enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life.
T: Add R or G.			normal	NJBREPLACEMEBlossoming Sands		common	Land	265	WG		Blossoming Sands enters the battlefield tapped.
When Blossoming Sands enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life.
T: Add G or W.			normal	NJBREPLACEMEScoured Barrens		common	Land	271	WB		Scoured Barrens enters the battlefield tapped.
When Scoured Barrens enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life.
T: Add W or B.			normal	NJBREPLACEMEJungle Hollow		common	Land	268	BG		Jungle Hollow enters the battlefield tapped.
When Jungle Hollow enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life.
T: Add B or G.			normal	NJBREPLACEMEThornwood Falls		common	Land	274	UG		Thornwood Falls enters the battlefield tapped.
When Thornwood Falls enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life.
T: Add G or U.			normal	NJBREPLACEMESwiftwater Cliffs		common	Land	273	UR		Swiftwater Cliffs enters the battlefield tapped.
When Swiftwater Cliffs enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life.
T: Add U or R.			normal	NJBREPLACEMEWind-Scarred Crag		common	Land	277	WR		Wind-Scarred Crag enters the battlefield tapped.
When Wind-Scarred Crag enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life.
T: Add R or W.			normal	NJBREPLACEMEWarrior	W	common	Token Creature — Warrior 	4	W			1/1		token	NJBREPLACEMEBird	W	common	Token Creature — Bird 	2	W		Flying	1/1		token	NJBREPLACEMEHu Li	W	common	Legendary Token Creature — Fox Spirit 	3	W			4/4		token	NJBREPLACEMEDrake	U	common	Token Creature — Drake 	5	U		Flying	2/2		token	NJBREPLACEMEKraken	U	common	Token Creature — Kraken 	6	U			8/8		token	NJBREPLACEMECultist	B	common	Token Creature — Cultist 	7	B		1BB, Sacrifice three Cultists: Create a 5/5 black Demon creature token.	0/1		token	NJBREPLACEMEDemon	B	common	Token Creature — Demon 	8	B			5/5		token	NJBREPLACEMEBard	R	common	Token Creature — Bard 	9	R		This creature can’t block.	1/1		token	NJBREPLACEMEPanda	R	common	Token Creature — Panda 	11	R			3/3		token	NJBREPLACEMEDragon	R	common	Token Creature — Dragon 	10	R		Flying	4/4		token	NJBREPLACEMEHydra	G	common	Token Creature — Hydra 	13	G			0/0		token	NJBREPLACEMEWurm	G	common	Token Creature — Wurm 	17	G		This creature gets +1/+1 for each permanent card in your graveyard.	0/0		token	NJBREPLACEMEPlant	G	common	Token Creature — Plant 	15	G			0/1		token	NJBREPLACEMEPanda Bear Monk	G	common	Token Creature — Panda Bear Monk 	14	G		When this creature dies, put a loyalty counter on a Ji planeswalker you control.	2/2		token	NJBREPLACEMEBeast	G	common	Token Creature — Beast 	12	G			3/3		token	NJBREPLACEMEShimaru, the Unfading	G	common	Legendary Token Creature — Wolf Spirit 	16	G		Trample	4/4		token	NJBREPLACEMEFox	WR	common	Token Creature — Fox 	18	WR			2/1		token	NJBREPLACEMESpirit		common	Token Creature — Spirit 	1	C		Flying	1/1		token	NJBREPLACEMETreasure		common	Token Artifact — Treasure 	20	C		T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.			token	NJBREPLACEMEIdol		common	Token Artifact — Idol 	19	C		1, Sacrifice this artifact: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.			token	NJBREPLACEME